Professional digital intelligence solution provider

















4. Prompt for vulnerabilities that have publicly exploited methods. Provide
Exploitable lubrication information, source information of related vulnerability exploits, etc. Support | . support
Vulnerability judgment basis Scanned vulnerabilities can be viewed based on judgment Support Support
In addition to the CVSS standard vulnerability score, based on asset weight
Accurate risk scoring, vulnerability exposure and threat level provide more support.
Accurate risk scoring
, supports scanning mainstream virtualization platforms such as
The wrong virtualization platform is VMware, VKVM, etc. Go to the page Go to the page
Weak password scanning Supports weak password scanning of common protocols Supported Supported
Baseline scan CIS, customized baseline scan strategy supported supported
Ability to detect Javascript, Ajax and
Flash Web applications, Web Services applications
Enhanced web scanning function (including SOAP 1.2, Json, WSDL, not supported supported
XML), detection use cases can cover all OWASP
Top 10 Weifu
API interface Provides API interface for external application calls Not supported Supported















2.3.4 Industry advantages

@ ”Automation - a complete set of penetration attack platforms from intelligence collection, threat modeling, vulnerability analysis, penetration
The six parts of attack exploitation, post-penetration testing and reporting are developed to provide penetration based on different penetration environments.
Automated support for the entire testing process.

@ Professional-level vulnerability library - the system has built-in Metasploit commercial-level professional version vulnerability exploitation platform,
Integrates thousands of operating systems, application software vulnerabilities, and hundreds of shellcodes, and does not
Continuously updated to fully meet the needs of in-depth vulnerability scanning.

@ Flexible custom scanning measures support customizing the start time of website scanning to avoid website business peaks.
Or set up periodic scanning tasks according to the needs of the business online process.

@ Flexible expansion - the platform supports local deployment and distributed deployment to cope with the penetration process
In emergencies, the intelligent scheduling penetration process is not interrupted, improving the reliability and availability of the platform.
and scalability.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 31/50

