Professional digital intelligence solution provider
2.2 Network traffic countermeasure system
2.2.1 Product Introduction
The network traffic countermeasure system combines practical application scenarios of relevant departments and adopts active scanning and acquisition technology.

Obtain global distributed stress test traffic to achieve system traffic analysis of target servers, websites, enterprise networks, etc.
comprehensive counterattack. The entire system consists of an upper counter flow acquisition module and a counter flow control module.

Server 1
When sending instructions plus countermeasures
AN target server 1
A/ Server 2 1

-Yes, one car
Server 3 Target 2

two

N had
Too Target Services Ask 99. .

(Operation diagram of network diversion anti-coin system)
The system coexists C/S and B/S architectures, fully absorbing the characteristics of the two architectures. Counter traffic acquisition module
Adopt active scanning and acquisition technology to obtain global survival network traffic and conduct comprehensive automated massive data collection
Hole detection to provide network traffic data for the counter flow control module.
The countermeasure flow control module is used to control all nodes and uniformly issue the received countermeasure instructions.
It also provides dedicated anonymous links for safe and efficient data communication. During use, the system supports a variety of
External interface facilitates users to carry out secondary development.
2.2.2 Product functions
> Counter-traffic acquisition: Start the counter-traffic acquisition module by configuring the counter-traffic control module.
Using asynchronous transmission scanning technology to obtain global survival network traffic, automatic selection and cleaning are ineffective
Network traffic, and perform vulnerability detection and utilization on effective surviving traffic, and finally realize the anti-attack flow
Quantity acquisition and control.





Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 24/50

