Professional digital intelligence solution provider











Operating system Android 6.0 and above
Mobile phone brands: Samsung, Xiaomi, Redmi, Huawei and other mainstream mobile phones
Mobile phone cards Telecom, China Mobile, China Unicom
Network type 26, 3G6, 46, WiFi







1.6.3 Product functions

> Device information: Supports obtaining basic information of the mobile phone and switching on and off the mobile network of the target mobile phone. These include
Device name, mobile phone model, battery capacity, system version, MAC address, phone number, mobile phone serial number
number, system customizer, CPU information, motherboard information, running memory, network type, IMSI,
IMEI。

> "Positioning information: adopts triple positioning method of network, base station (with network and card), and GPS. Supports continuous
Continue positioning, return positioning information according to the set time interval, and support statistics, analysis, and export.

> Contacts: Supports obtaining mobile phone contacts, supporting forging targets to edit and send messages to their contacts.
Scam SMS (valid for Android 4.4 and earlier versions), supports intercepting incoming calls and calls from specified numbers
SMS (may not be intercepted on Android 4.4 and above, some mobile phones will detect it).

> Call records: Supports obtaining mobile phone call records, and supports statistics, analysis, and export.

> SMS: Supports obtaining SMS messages, and supports statistics, analysis, and export.
Acquisition of various chat information: Supports acquisition of contacts on mobile phones including WeChat, QQ, and Momo chat software
Contacts and chat history. [requires root)

> File management: Supports obtaining the file directory structure and file list of the target mobile phone, which can be displayed by category
Displays multimedia information and quantity statistics such as music, videos, pictures, documents, etc., and supports downloading.

>Network Traces: Supports obtaining traces of the network browsed by the target mobile phone's built-in browser, which can be obtained
The results obtained can be filtered and queried by browser, time period, and title keywords.
CAndroid6.0 previous version)

> Software list: Supports obtaining installed software information on the target mobile phone and account information on the mobile phone.

> Process list: Supports obtaining process information running on the target phone, and obtaining process information
Make a filter query.

> "Environmental recording: Supports environmental recording on mobile phones and mobile phone call recording.





Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 14/50

