Professional digital intelligence solution provider



three

WT

Process management: Supports application processes, background processes, and Windows running on the target operating system.
Processes, etc. are monitored and controlled in real time. Including operations such as viewing, refreshing, and ending.

Service management: Supports real-time remote management of the service status of the target operating system. Including transportation
Run, pause, stop, delete and other operations.

Registry management: Supports remote management of the operating system registry. Including viewing related programs
Registry information, modify, delete and other operations on registry information.

CMD console: Supports CMD command operations on the target operating system.

Screenshot: Supports taking screenshots of computers with target operating systems.

Keylogging: Supports recording every key pressed by the target when operating the keyboard.
Document access record: Supports recording of files recently accessed by the target.

Online log recording: Supports recording logs of the target host's online and offline time.
Remote configuration modification: After the controlled terminal goes online, the system supports remote modification of the target machine’s online address and login address.
Enter process information.

Intranet cascading online: The system supports three ways to go online: TCP, UDP and automatic network interconnection protocol.
Supports PCs in the same LAN that cannot access the Internet to use PCs that can access the Internet to upload data online.
Export online host information: Supports exporting basic personal information of online hosts, including: Online hosts
Name, internal IP address, external IP address, host memory, hard drive, CPU, network speed and other system operations
row and usage status information.

Disconnect: The system has an active disconnection function. After the active disconnection, the controlled end supports
Supports real-time refresh of online domain name DNS resolution or online IP address.

Printing server: After the control supervision is completed, the controlled operating system supports remote printing services.
1.3.4 Industry advantages

High stability - the entire system is based on the new trend of remote control and adopts independent code maintenance and independent encryption.
Certification and independent encryption algorithms fully ensure that the control system has high stability and is not prone to offline.
Efficient transmission - the system has a built-in independent download engine to achieve extreme file transmission, which can be based on the network
Adaptively transfer files based on network speed. The file transfer speed can reach up to 2M network bandwidth.
800KB/S。



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 8/50

