Professional digital intelligence solution provider



o)

a)

b)

c)

a)

NetSparker, Nmap, etc.
Permission acquisition: After the vulnerability is exploited successfully, the system supports selecting a series of exploits based on the penetration results.
Execution codes and script programs written by exploiting holes can achieve the acquisition of target permissions.
APT attack
Email phishing: The platform supports specifying email sending servers and using Web page component cloning
With fake websites, create an email content template for the fake website, and induce the target to
Submit sensitive information to a created website, and ultimately collect target sensitive information for further attacks
purpose of use.
Browser attacks: The platform supports building an automatic browser detection through web page components
With the exploited site, the target is induced to browse the specified site, and the browser vulnerability is successfully exploited.
After that, the connection session is automatically established.
File vulnerability attack: The platform supports file vulnerabilities such as 0ffice, PDF, pictures, etc. to generate attacks.
Click the payload file. Induces the target to open or browse files, and automatically establishes a connection after the vulnerability is successfully exploited.
Pick up the conversation.
Web attack: The platform supports the extraction of specified range of web pages from the input URL, and the combined page
Test with the Web Testing Module, including: Automated testing of the latest Web Top 10 listed by OWASP
Potential security vulnerabilities, web server misconfigurations, cross-site scripting vulnerabilities, local text
File inclusion and remote file inclusion, SQL injection vulnerability, file upload vulnerability, remote code execution
vulnerabilities or remote command execution vulnerabilities.
Other functions
load generator
1) Classic payload: The platform supports generating a variety of attack payloads for penetration testing. generated load
The loader supports various operating systems and commonly used Web server-side languages, including: Linux.Unix,
AIX、BSD、R、Windows、0SX、Netware、i0S、Android、Firefox、Java、
Python, Ruby, NodeJS, etc.

2) Dynamic payload: The system supports generating a variety of dynamically encoded attack loads targeting the Windows platform

b)

Evade detection by anti-virus software.
Brute force cracking: The system supports brute force cracking of weak passwords and uses dictionaries to detect weak passwords in the network
command, you can choose to select the certificate, default dictionary or imported dictionary in this project. Supports cracking various types of



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 28/50

