Professional digital intelligence solution provider



2.1.2 Product functions

WiFi proximity attack system (Eastern version)

three

WiFi password cracking: The system supports WiFi within the target area (including hidden WiFi and
5G_WiFi) for scanning and cracking, common WEP, WPA, WPA2 and WPS protocols can be carried out
Crack. Cracking method: local cloud query, cloud cracking.

Intranet sniffing: When the approaching device is in the target intranet environment, the device actively sniffs the target intranet.
Domain users are hashed and automatically scraped.

Socks proxy: The system supports setting up the Socks proxy function to map intranet information to the public network.
Carry out relevant penetration operations.

Route cracking: The system supports automatic cracking of the login password of the routing device existing in the target intranet.
To achieve active login and management control of the target intranet routing device.

Port mapping After the nearby device accesses the target intranet through WiFi, the target host in the intranet can be
The port is mapped to the Internet to achieve the purpose of accessing the target intranet from the external network.

Interactive terminal: The system supports the execution of Shell commands to perform file operations on nearby devices.



> File management: The system supports visual upload and download management of files in nearby devices.
> "Remote destruction: When there is a security threat to the nearby device, it supports remote sending of self-destruction instructions, completely

Clear all system data from the device.

WiFi proximity attack system (mini version 7

three

three

Network connection: After the device is placed in the target network environment, connect through its own iFi signal
Connect the settings and finally connect to the target network.

Socks proxy: After the device is connected to the target network, log in to the remote control management system through the PC and open
Open the Socks proxy to perform related penetration operations.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 21/50

