Professional digital intelligence solution provider



Students can conduct real network security confrontations in an intranet penetration environment built 1:1 based on actual combat scenarios.
Improve students' practical work ability.

Central management platform (hard side)

Large display screen for actual combat training

Penetration Environment Cluster Flat Internal Training Exercise Area







|. Environment import il practice | Personnel A Personnel B Personnel C
Team competition

server server
Home 国二全一| Tuantuanxuan
Server Used Half Person D Person E Person F











"Actual Training Platform Operation Form Diagram)"

4.3.2 Product functions

three

three

Environment management: The system has built-in virtual machine templates for common website, email, OA and other servers to teach
Members only need to select the corresponding virtual machine template on the scene production interface to add it, and can quickly build
Network simulation environment. At the same time, the platform supports custom uploading of the target simulation environment. Through this function, you can
In order to create the same network attack and defense environment as students' real learning and work.

Question management: Teachers can use the question management function to create new competition questions, set the name of the question,
Difficulty and question type. The question type is suitable for actual intranet vulnerabilities, including reverse engineering, vulnerability mining and exploitation.
Application, Web penetration, cryptography, forensics, steganography, secure programming and other categories to improve students'
Real confrontation ability and practical work ability.

Competition management: Teachers can use the competition management function to generate different types of questions from the question bank.
Post the test paper for the competition, set the competition name, competition time, and competition rules, and view them in real time.
Game progress and results

Team management: supports the function of creating a team, setting the team name, team logo, and joining password.
Each participating team member can join different teams through passwords to conduct actual combat exercises and improve the team.
Collaborative combat capabilities.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 42/50

