Professional digital intelligence solution provider

Four other product categories



4.1 Domestic public opinion tracking system

4.1.1 Product Introduction

The domestic Austrian information investigation system is a set of services for actual combat, targeting Baidu, Sina, Tianya and other Internet
A dedicated confidential application system for real-time query of netizen registration information on mainstream interactive network platforms.

4.1.2 Product functions

> Sina Weibo information query: Weibo link or nickname query mobile phone, mobile phone or email query Weibo

ID、

1)

2)

3)

thin

Weibo history login IJP, Weibo picture traceability.

Query mobile phone via Weibo link or nickname: You can associate it with Sina Weibo URL or nickname
Sina Weibo user’s registered mobile phone number and email address.

Query Weibo ID via mobile phone or email: You can associate its new
Lang Weibo nickname or ID.

Weibo historical login IP: Through the Sina Weibo nickname, you can associate the account’s historical login IP
Record the IP, login time and location.

Weibo picture traceability: Through the Sina picture URL, you can trace the source of its Sina Weibo nickname,
ID, which is further associated with the mobile phone number bound to their account.

> Baidu information query: Nickname query mobile phone, mobile phone or email query account, query to know the anonymity
Accounts and Baidu network disk were launched.

1)

2)

3)

thin

Nickname query mobile phone: Through Baidu user account or nickname, you can associate the Baidu user's
Bind mobile phone number.

Check the account via mobile phone or email; you can connect its Baidu users through your mobile phone or email account
Account number or nickname.

Query to know the anonymous account; know the anonymous link through Baidu, and you can associate its Baidu user
Mian said that he further linked his bound mobile phone number.

Launched by Baidu Netdisk: Sharing links through Baidu Netdisk can be associated with their Baidu user nicknames
Said, further linked to its bound mobile phone number.



Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 38/50

