Professional digital intelligence solution provider



Common protocols, databases and service types, including: FTP, HTTP, HTTPS, SMB, SNMP,
MSSQL、MySQL、DB2、Postgres、POP3、SSH、SSH PUBKEY、Telent、NVC、
WinRM。

c) Credential reuse: The system supports the use of passwords or hashes obtained during penetration testing assessments to
Test other hosts on the network to effectively test and discover possible horizontal expansion paths for users.

d) Replay attack: For a successful penetration attack, after the session established with the target is terminated or disconnected
Afterwards, there is no need to re-perform complex attack operations. You can choose to replay the attack directly, and you can root
Reinfiltrate and establish a session based on the previous attack parameters.

e) Springboard attack: For advanced usage scenarios, after successfully penetrating a host, the penetrated
The host serves as a springboard for further attacks on other targets.

> System management

a) Report generation; the platform supports report generation in three file formats: HTML, PDF, and World, which can be customized
Customized reports or use the built-in multiple report templates, including: audit, information collection, chest
Weak hosting, leasing, services, social engineering activities, web application testing, etc.

b) System settings: Support platform data backup, task monitoring, user account creation, role permissions
Settings, system authorization management, setting periodic tasks, regular automated penetration inspections and other operations.

2.3.3 Product parameters

































Quick scan takes 1-5 hosts, average 30 minutes 30 minutes
Default concurrent scan Default number of hosts scanned simultaneously 5 5
Number of vulnerability libraries: 100,000+ Supported Supported
Number of vulnerability check items: 300,000+ Supported Supported
Maximum concurrent scanning Maximum number of hosts scanned simultaneously 10 10
Total number of modules including utilization, auxiliary, post-penetration and other modules 4000+ 4000+
Number of modules used Number of modules used only 1700+ 1700+
IP number authorization Whether to limit the total number of target IPs Unlimited Unlimited
Web operation interface Operation via browser interface Support Support
Command line operation Through terminal command line operation Support Support
Support ITPv6 Support IPv6 network scanning Support Support
Independent property rights, complete autonomy of code, support, support
Network includes operating systems, network equipment, databases,
Wine, oil and related middleware, system software, etc. support "|. Support







Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd.

29/50

