Professional digital intelligence solution provider



three

Tianya Forum information query: Through the Tianya user ID, you can associate the bound mobile phone of its Tianya user

phone number, or associate it with its Tianya ID based on its mobile phone number.

WeChat information query: Add friend QR code to analyze WeChat ID, WeChat payment code to analyze WeChat ID,

Check WeChat via mobile phone or QQ number.

1) Add friend QR code to resolve WeChat ID: Associate friend’s QR code with their WeChat ID.

2) WeChat payment code analysis WeChat ID: associate its WeChat ID through the WeChat payment QR code.

3) Query WeChat via mobile phone or QQ number: Connect the WeChat bound to it through the mobile phone or QQ number
ID。

Mala community information query: Through the Mala community user tid, you can associate its bound mobile phone number

code.

QQ tribe information query: Submit the link URL of the QQ tribe article to associate with its QQ tribe information

breath

Operator real-name reference; supports fuzzy name query for China Unicom mobile phone number.



Six "probe functions: IP positioning, expression probe, link probe.

1) IP positioning: Enter the IP and associate its TIP positioning address.

2) Expression probe: Send an expression picture link to the target in the interactive forum, and the target will open it.
Then, obtain the target's IJP, port, time, browser version and other information.

3) Link probe: Add a hyperlink to the article. After the target is clicked, get the target's
IP, port, time, browser version and other information.

4.1.3 Industry advantages

High ease of use - the interface is simple and easy to operate, and users can enter as required
breath.

Quick query - real-time online query through the Internet to quickly obtain return information.

Rich content - supports querying related information on multiple mainstream platforms such as Baidu, Sina, Tianya, Mala Community, etc.
contact information.

High security - multi-link encryption is used during the query process to ensure the security of data acquisition.

Book

You can get the inquiry letter by





Antao Information Technology Co., Ltd. 39/150

