

1 Scientific Internet Box-Desktop version product



1 Background introduction













gl sex

With the development of network technology, network information technology has penetrated into the global military, transportation, science and technology
research, economy, culture, education and social life and other fields, and has brought huge benefits to human development.
driving force. At the same time, the Internet has gradually entered into our daily lives, greatly changing our existence.
Patterns have become an integral part of our lives. Through computer networks, we can span time











Get information instantly, communicate with others conveniently, and directly understand the time
The latest knowledge and information sharing resources.
As the Internet penetrates into all aspects of society, economy, and politics, a large number of negative and false statements have become

























smoke
tribute



News, get a variety of







Rage the internet. Network and sentiment are the reflection of social public opinion in the Internet space and a direct reflection of social public opinion.
Released. Therefore, relevant law enforcement personnel in our country also need to understand and master domestic and overseas networks and information in a timely and comprehensive manner.

























equipment
2 Requirements analysis





Thoughts on "Scientific Internet Zombies"

surround



Line design, quick visit by law enforcement officers







Due to complex network environments and special business scenarios, an efficient, fast and stable scientific Internet access is required.



Addressing the need for relevant law enforcement agencies to have timely and rapid access to global websites









ask

Global website and provide high-availability network bandwidth. Internet link















Can









Using self-developed network protocols, it not only provides security protection for its own network, but also has static and dynamic
A variety of ways to connect to the network can meet the needs of different network environments to monitor domestic and overseas networks and information.







3 Product Introduction















"Scientific Internet Box-Desktop Version" is a routing device that enables global website access. Comes with product
Wireless function, wired function, powerful performance, support WIFI6, users can according to different network environments,
Select multiple connection methods such as wired network and wireless network, and log in to the web setting interface. After the settings are completed, that is





It can realize the function of scientific Internet access.



























1Antao information 1

Page 3 of 11

