1 Taozong Security Intelligence 3
Background introduction
With the rapid development of the Internet, people's dependence on Internet services

All industries are at a critical juncture in dealing with digital transformation. Global scope
, improve social governance, improve government services and supervision

1

According to technology, transportation
E becomes a trend.

attack



War and cognitive war are gradually entering the public eye, {
has grown up in international competition and has always adopted public reform

The position continues to improve,



Book 1





Taiwan products











limit and

Increasing day by day, each















Big data drives economic development







surround



Inside, lab











Traditional illegal and criminal activities are now involving the Internet









2 Pain point analysis

Still ordinary
The political situation



4. Difficulty in obtaining effective information in a timely manner
Big Data

chemical hair

















changes and the introduction of economic policies

，







The change brought about by the village generation is the explosive growth of data volume, whether it is public
Every household needs to face a practical problem, that is, how to obtain timely

Transparent market competition strategy,
The trend of "rising in the east and falling in the west" is obvious, and various unconventional means and forces are gradually emerging.

Return, new cyber terrorism, and debate,
The world structure is quietly changing. middle





country





Enterprises are always

Research

Guan Neng



breath

Got it



hidden







But with





China









International













For use in all areas









Color effective information.

















effectively solve the problem.

It is difficult to obtain information safely and effectively
The definition of intelligence is information that has practical significance and value

levels of impact. How to obtain effective information in a timely manner while blocking unnecessary







is evaluated information,



Decision makers and planners make the right decisions.

Further refine and conduct in-depth interpretation and excavation.
Basic understanding and intuitive judgment of codeware, but
In-depth information such as interpretation of the roles’ relationships
library participation. So how to effectively extract from information |
Jing “It’s difficult to get through cross-domain data information”
In the household’s economic activities, there are a large number of interactions with other businesses}

correct





The village is very

Affection

The difficulty in the work of youth newspapers is how to learn from different situations







Whether it is



The occurrence of regional disputes will affect all aspects of society

of help
King's information









When an event occurs, most

households can do











The historical facts hidden behind the







lack,





cause, incident











Usually highly dependent on a specific field
Bobao also urgently needs to be solved



Open expert wisdom
difficulty.





usually















company, outside









The actual needs of business transactions, with various economic punishment

like:

Requirements for background checks, profiling, and risk ratings. And public



This case involves the formation of the Internet trend, and the city

National institutions and individuals



grand opening
There are a lot of fields















Available to all users



certain information



1An Tao information. enterprise









International Affairs Consulting Center |



Page 3 of 12

