

1 Taozong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper



Intelligence big data platform







1 nie







Tianji data query platform is Muyu



and a single big data query platform that has been well received by users, although it is helping

















Quickly locate the household











phone or social media ID, the system can
Target detailed identity information after database expansion. The target detailed identity information queried by the user can be divided into true

want

Through intelligence big data,?









Constructing relationships between characters in cyberspace







pieces, Chang

Sleeves with an f,







through commercial companies

target group personnel relations,
AI intelligence early warning mechanism
The world is currently on the verge of technological innovation. The coming all-digital era will change global intelligence.

[General affairs involving military, political, economic, social and other aspects around the world



mark. Users access the data cloud service encrypted and type the target name,









Quickly and quickly locate customer targets, and the system will display the













Real identity information and network virtual identity information.
between



tribute





R tracks the development of events and provides trends in situation evolution. Open up the database including security incident person database, organization database,
Virtual character code deciphering library, etc., combined with face AI recognition technology, enhance video and







SS

picture





Dynamically capture facial recognition, identify corresponding key information, and conduct "character portrait" analysis.











Credit rating, character rating, and ultimately reconstruction of cyberspace character portraits to help users mine











Correlate the relationship between characters in physical space and determine the spatio-temporal positioning of characters.

The application pattern has subverted the situation of obtaining intelligence through traditional methods such as manpower. Big data through AI





algorithm knot



Depth of talent





warning. for
Economic intelligence, social intelligence, military intelligence









Analyze crash reports and issue early warnings on strategic situations and events in related thematic areas in the form of a large decision-making screen.
Users are provided with basic intelligence, dynamic intelligence, predictive intelligence, character intelligence,

















Back intelligence, geographical intelligence, political intelligence. Help users adapt to new









Only in the technological era can we face commercial competition, great power competition, regional challengers, terrorism, new

Be invincible in various complex environments such as cases.







Comprehensive intelligence work assistance

through different
Carry out intelligence work or meet intelligence needs in a certain environment. If you can use smart mobile terminal devices to quickly
Understand events, situation changes, think tank reports, and policy interpretations in specific fields. If it can be done in an important time window

mouth, satisfying

Task,
Issued



















Modules are dynamically constructed and can quickly adapt to different users' needs in all aspects.























On the basis of network security, data security and identity security, we can quickly seize the opportunity to carry out technical information



Performs tasks including information collection, format conversion, data query, dynamic creation of temporary data channels,



[Command instructions, task control, etc.



[do.





1An Tao information. Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center 1 Page 12 of 12









