

| Taozong Security Intelligence 3

Taiwan Product White Paper 1









people
hour











Extrapredictive research proposes new principles to predict the outcomes of interactions between certain variables. on this platform









Among them, it mainly reflects the irreplaceability of professional intelligence researchers, except in politics, economy, and society.





Society, culture, military, etc.



to smell





In addition to professional qualities, professional qualities include reasoning ability, accuracy

Accuracy, respect for facts, and humility, as well as judgment, diligence, continuance, skepticism, and detachment











and imagination. Users can obtain back-end think tanks through the platform





4 product goals







An in-depth research report written by the team.











Taozong Security Intelligence





The platform covers the investigation, collection and collection of special topics and intelligence required by public safety users.









Collection and analysis. Relying on Antao’s massive data and cases to gain new insights



Knowledge, leading research on digital economy and digital governance

Direction, providing digital strategy design to public safety clients. Accompany customers through resource integration and analysis capabilities
Growth, the ultimate goal is to help customers take advantage of new technology scenarios and help customers break through single points



Information puzzle.

5 product architecture

Taozong Security Intelligence Platform uses independent intellectual property rights to





The premise of safe and reliable information

feedback to reduce the risk of data leakage during the interaction process and reduce









Relying on dense secure links to ensure the underlying communication

, providing real-time push, release, collection and feedback of important and sensitive data.

Reduce the cost of communication time required in the past.





1An Tao information. enterprise







due to



Business Advisory Center 1

Page 5 of 12

