



1 Taozong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper 1
Data investigation capabilities, but in the face of different scenarios and fields, the traditional reliance on administrative orders
The working methods seem to be all ineffective, and people are in urgent need of solutions that can effectively connect information data in various fields.

4. Lack of suitable intelligence auxiliary tools

Ordinary users often seek outside collaboration to address specific intelligence needs, but policymakers need a
A tool for comprehensive and dynamic understanding of information events, intelligence and situation evolution, while public security users mainly rely on
Rely on your own personnel. When encountering various safety risks at work, we mainly rely on the technicians themselves
technical ability to solve it. In the process of intelligence-related technical work, there are various pain points that need to be solved urgently, including data
The security of data channels, management of war missions, identity protection, etc., once problems arise, it may
Accidents such as information leakage and data loss have occurred.



































































of 05
o and Lack of suitable intelligence axis aids
How to ensure safe work Village
@ , open up cross-platform information
Machine 03
Imitation - Difficulty mining value from massive amounts of information
02
It is difficult to obtain information in a timely manner, and it is even more difficult to obtain intelligence.
3 Product positioning

Taozong Security Intelligence Platform is committed to creating data information that is safe and confidential, communicates in a timely manner, and controls the overall situation.
The integrated solution platform provides corresponding comprehensive solutions to the four major pain points mentioned above. currently launched
.0 version is designed to provide customers with safe and effective intelligence.

At the network link layer, the product realizes the bottom line of data transmission through an anonymous link system built by intelligent hardware.
It provides a layer of security and can provide secure Internet access that hides the real physical exit and satellite address, and can solve the problem of
This solves the problem that data transmission security issues on traditional SaaS platforms cannot be effectively guaranteed.

In the business application layer, version 1.0 of the platform provides an intelligence material module and an in-depth intelligence module. It's our side
A working interface for back-end think tank resources. The purpose of predictive research is to explain or illustrate a phenomenon. This
1An Tao information. Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center 1 Page 4 of 12





















































