

1 Taozong Security Intelligence Platform Product White Paper 1 and
6.2.4 Respond to user feedback promptly





























Administrators can provide timely feedback on users' suggestions and opinions through the user feedback system.







Comment in

customer feedback

44 [Intelligence material] fortest 2022-05-10 16:58:41
Please provide information about the direction of India

Reply From Admin                            2022-05-10 16:59:04
Received, arranged as soon as possible!

Bureau reply



7 product advantages

Secure link ensures data transmission security

The secure link itself is implemented through routing-like anonymous communication network hardware devices and is imposed through the link.
Encryption, multi-node jumps and random changes in exits hide the user’s real address, physical address, and interactive content.
It is a product that enables anonymous surfing of sensitive information such as content. The system can prevent sensitive information from being tracked and interacted with
Content was found to eliminate security risks.

The content of the modular platform meets the needs of complex scenarios.

Currently launched version 1.0, intelligence material module and in-depth intelligence module. This module is our backend
A work interface for think tank resources. Users can subscribe to think tank resources on demand based on their main work direction.
Strategic intelligence produced by analysis teams in different professional fields, including basic intelligence, dynamic intelligence, human resources
Physical intelligence, economic intelligence, social intelligence, political intelligence and other related in-depth intelligence.

The combination of other module products can meet the various application needs of users in complex scenarios.





















































































two









































1An Tao information. Corporate International Affairs Consulting Center 1 Page 11 of 12





