people

Summary of end sales feedback issues

Ma













1. The company's self-developed products have slowed down and are not continuously updated. Equipment is out of date and updated too slowly.

F are all doing services;

2. There are no good points in 9B data;

3. The company's products are offline, front-end sales are unclear, and communication is lacking.

In terms of communication, there is a lack of communication between the back-end and the front-end, and there are many problems in delivery;

5. Poor delivery quality, difficulty in closing payments, and accumulation of accounts receivable affect cash flow;

6. The company does not have channel suppliers for unified products, and does not know which one to recommend when selling.

a supplier’s products;

7. Antao Academy has not been updated for a long time, there is no training, and there is a certain lack of understanding of the Antao brand.

Negative impact, customers doubt whether the company is functioning properly,

8. The testing of new products after they were launched was very unsatisfactory (auxiliary investigation platform and talent empowerment platform), and customers

Users are interested in the anti-fraud publicity toolbox, but the product cannot be launched for a long time;

9. There are big problems with the sales process, and many complicated processes need to be submitted to cooperate.

Work, collaborative work efficiency is too low, internal friction

10. The PPT is too long and customers cannot understand it. The district and county PPT can be modified.

11. Sales project contracts are difficult to find, and review of nodes is complicated. After sales staff leave, new people

It is not easy to connect the work. It is recommended to use the sales CRM system to improve work efficiency and standardize sales.
Process, this work is currently being followed up by Li Zhengxia.











six
mold
Can
Has
Depend on





































































































Add six cigarettes



















work







































































