Chapter 1] Overview

Hector remote control system is a set of protocols that support HTTP/WEB SOCKET and HTTPSVWEB SOCKET over TILS.
Remote control system using reverse connection
The remote control system supports interactive she1l command line, file management and other functions.



Chapter 2 "Explanation of terms



WEB SOCKET protocol (abbreviated as WS):

WebSocket is a network transport protocol that enables full-duplex communication over a single TCP connection and is located at the base of the 0SI model
application layer. WebSocket makes the data exchange between the client and the server easier, allowing the server to actively communicate with the client.
Client pushes data. In the WebSocket API, the browser and server only need to complete a handshake between the two
Create a persistent connection and perform two-way data transfer.

The difference from the http protocol is that: the http protocol server does not support actively sending requests to the client, while WEB SOCKET
The protocol allows the server to actively push data to the client;
> WEB SOCKET over TLS (WSS for short):

The security design of the WebSocket protocol stipulates transmission based on TLSVSSL. This encryption form is similar to HTTPS.
Called WSS (WEB SOCKET over TLS).

That is, high-level application layer protocols can be transparently built on top of the TLS protocol. The TLS protocol precedes application layer protocol communication
After completing the encryption algorithm, communication key negotiation and server authentication. After this, the data transmitted by the application layer protocol is
will be encrypted to ensure the privacy of communications.
> "Controlled terminal (client): the target machine (linux system) where the Trojan program is installed.
>Control terminal (console): The main program that manages the controlled host (windows system).
> Reverse connection: Rebound online method, that is, after the Trojan program on the controlled terminal is installed, it will actively connect to the controlling terminal.

















