7” Product Advantages

> "Highly integrated business



The integrated platform fully combines the characteristics of network TZ services, establishes a task-oriented standardized management mechanism, and builds a comprehensive system from task release to











Receiving, front start, middle control,















A complete set of business processes for post-processing, and combined with business processes, formed a set of standardized work

The platform integrates environment, solidified covert secure access links, flexible task release and approval management, and strict weapons use, and is comprehensive.



















A high-level memory to promote business work







> "Efficient and intensive resource utilization





Hehe standardized development.









The integrated platform fully combines TZ's actual business direction, makes full use of virtualization technology and multi-interface collaboration technology, and integrates TZ

Various combat environment resources such as links, weapons, techniques and tactics required for work, providing combat resources and combat environment |

















environment, combat weapons, combat











Unified management and application of means























> "Full platform virtualization











, build

Sinochem’s efficient management platform.

It integrates various types of information such as environmental management, weapons management, and data management.



The platform uses isoonSstack technology to provide resource optimization and virtualization, which includes storage services, image management,





Comprehensive set originally

















Network management, virtual machine management and other functions,









Users can simulate real network topology and build their own network according to their own needs.























network environment, through virtual and

one





host and visual





















The operation interface is used for configuration, which simplifies the tedious configuration and does not require the user terminal to type commands.



















Moreover, the operation logic is reasonably designed to be simple, efficient, and easy to expand. It is suitable for different network topology environments and does not require

Repeat configuration is required.

> "In-depth security system



Integrated platform construction four















Design a safe and reliable security protection system around the business environment requirements of TZ and combat environment requirements.





















Protect the platform from damage and attacks.

Carry out comprehensive and detailed planning and scientific design from multiple dimensions such as security, data security and management security, so as to achieve comprehensive control of the entire platform.



A high-intensity security protection strategy has been formulated, based on various requirements such as safety regulations and safety standards, from physical security, equipment security, application



4173，

2

