2) Ability to conduct regular vulnerability monitoring on cloud hosts and perform patch updates in a timely manner.





























3) Able to monitor the use of tools on the host, the opening of ports, etc., and provide early warning for abnormal situations to ensure the security of the cloud host.
Complete.







The fourth is tool platform security. Ensure the security of the tool platform through identity authentication and multi-dimensional access control, and pass security tests







Trial and encrypted storage ensure the security of the tool itself and meet the following requirements:

















1) The tool platform can only be accessed within the private network and has no Internet access channel.
Tool



2) The tool platform has identity authentication to minimize access rights and ensure that only those with designated special permissions can use the tool platform.





















3) The tool platform restricts access to source IP.









Use "Conduct a comprehensive security test on the tool itself to ensure that the test is flawless and prevents it from affecting the safe operation of the cloud host after uploading.

















5) Conduct security training for those with access rights, securely upload the toolkit through special encryption, and use it once









dense.













6) Authorize the use of the tool, and it cannot be used without authorization.
4.3.3 Identity authentication security
No real personal information (including



































(but not limited to WeChat, email, phone number, police signal, etc.), task information (including but not limited to task content, task number, participants



etc.), no confidential information shall appear.















The external network platform uses two-factor strong authentication, which requires the use of dynamic passwords, QR code authentication and other methods for two-factor authentication to prevent unauthorized access.

























district







Someone logged in maliciously.

















The platform uses high-intensity security policies to prevent the platform from































Username and password brute force cracking.
4.3.4 Security link design
The first is access link security: the intranet platform is in an isolated secure network and is not connected to the Internet. Host creation for external network platform











































The resource configuration information and tool authorization information in the intranet need to be transmitted to the external network platform using offline encryption.



















33 /32

