























Users cannot use weapons beyond the scope set by the mission. The weapons that need to be installed in the mission cloud host can be transferred directly from the weapons library platform.





















During installation, the weapon installation source files are not landed on the mission cloud host. The operating system language and time zone settings are for the operator's convenience.









Real identity information is protected. The IP selection system provides two options: public IP and private IP, which can be selected according to actual needs.

Make your selection.















After the task cloud host is generated, the network where the task cloud host is located is automatically disconnected from the management network of the external application cloud platform to ensure management





























Manage network security and concealment. The external application cloud platform will not store any task-related information and task cloud host information.







Information, and no services will be embedded in the task cloud host to ensure the purity of the task cloud host and the security of the task.















Since the task has timeliness, the generated corresponding task cloud host also has timeliness, and its existence time is shorter than the task timeliness.





















After the task expiration is reached, the task cloud host is automatically destroyed; or after the task is completed, the task cloud host is actively released. Task cloud host



































After destruction, data cannot be recovered through hard disk recovery technology to ensure that task information, target information, and result data are



It is safe.

















2) Temporary cloud host: Each user is allowed to create a temporary cloud host. The temporary cloud host will be automatically destroyed after 24 hours.























Cloud hosts do not support automatic installation of software.



















Allowing the creation of temporary cloud hosts is a security measure to prevent unrelated persons from logging into external network applications through some means.































Cloud platform for unwarranted operations. At the same time, it is also convenient for users to search for relevant information overseas. Users can according to actual needs

















Please set the parameters of the cloud host.



4.2.2.2 Template management function



























Supports generating templates from configured cloud hosts so that you can directly use the templates to create cloud hosts when necessary. Generated template































Not only can it be visible to you, but you can also set it to be open to other people in the organization.



27 /32

