















The intranet business comprehensive management platform is deployed in the intranet computer room where the user is located. In order to meet the functional needs of the intranet platform and the basic operating environment

































Environment hosting, platform deployment requires a high-performance server for resource monitoring, calling and data storage, server-related configuration







Set as follows:



Configure environment device parameters







1. Control nodes and storage nodes support resource usage of slave devices.















Monitor and call, and store relevant data.









2. CPU:Intel 5218*2



3., Memory: 128G





Intranet server configuration
4., Network card: 4*GE



5. The disk controller supports RAID5 6/12G RAID card



6., Hard disk: 960GSSD+6TSATA*5



7., Quantity: 1 set







"Full)" external network combat application management platform

























The external network combat application management platform is deployed in a secure computer room that can be connected to the Internet. In order to meet the basic functional requirements of the external network platform,























To carry the basic operating environment, the platform deployment requires a total of 6 servers of various types such as control nodes, computing nodes, and storage nodes.























At the same time, in order to meet the needs of the combat environment, use anonymous purchase kits to purchase VPS servers to build VPS clusters. The VPS servers











The number of concurrent units is no less than 30, fully meeting the needs of multi-task execution. The server related configuration parameters are as follows:



Configure environment device parameters









1., Control node supports monitoring and adjusting the resource usage of slave devices.





















Control node server configuration 2. CPU: Intel 4216*2



3., Memory: 128G



4., Network card: 4*GE









39 /32

