There are 3 -

VPS account

4.2.3 Link resource management function
Extranet















To build links, all links must be fully
4.3 "Safety protection system

In principle, there are no less than 3 access links to the station, 2 TZ cover links, 1 scientific Internet link, and TZ cover link









normal network combat environment; scientific Internet link





































Anonymous mode.







security, link security,



It is an integrated combat platform that should















the basis and premise. in configuration

Counter-reconnaissance security, security management and other multi-dimensional |







To ensure that the actual work of TZ business is highly hidden and highly





4.3.1 Basic security system





.. Whether purchasing third-party link resources or







Based on the basic security system, from identity authentication, data







Design security strategies, build security barriers, and build security mechanisms.















The intranet platform should be deployed in the jurisdiction where the user belongs







The security area of the door does not allow non-relevant persons to:







The internal and external networks of the platform are physically isolated.





Deployment, then create a new protection system. External network security, in addition to equipped with necessary









Set up different security zones for fine-grained















, firewall, traffic



Carry out safety type according to the standards of Level 3 or above







It should be deployed in a safe and controllable computer room.







and should be set up specifically

Physical security.













Computers, intrusion detection equipment, APT attack detection equipment, secret cylinders, etc. Conditional

set up.

(If deployed on a private network security network) protection system, if there is no





In addition to security protection equipment, according to different application modules of the external network,











Protective equipment, including but not limited to the security of each host system on the platform.





Also, you can refer to etc.

31 /32

