(2) Efficient and intensive resource utilization























The integrated combat platform should be able to fully integrate the actual business direction of TZ, make full use of virtualization technology and multi-interface collaboration technology,



Integrate various combat environment resources such as links, weapons, techniques and tactics required for TZ work, and provide combat resources, combat environment, combat weapons, etc.

















Unified management and application of weapons and combat methods to create a comprehensive system that integrates environmental management, weapons management, data management and other resources









A centralized and efficient management platform.











(3) "Collaborative, efficient and practical"





The integrated combat platform should be able to provide a cross-time, cross-space, and cross-task collaborative working mechanism, combining TZ,



work collaboration



















mode, which embodies various collaboration modes in actual combat on the platform, which can facilitate the technical personnel of the special investigation team to carry out collaboration on the platform.



al









Combat, combined operations, and teams share techniques, tools, equipment, and results to give full play to collective combat advantages. And the entire platform is based on







al



































The fundamental goal is to be practical, easy to use, and easy to use, and to achieve the overall construction purpose of being based on needs, serving the process, and improving combat effectiveness.

















(4) “Building a safety system









The integrated combat platform should be able to provide safe and reliable security defense around the business environment requirements and combat environment requirements of the TZ.





protection system design, formulate high-intensity security protection strategies, and implement various requirements from physical security and equipment according to safety regulations and safety standards.















Carry out comprehensive and detailed planning and scientific design from multiple dimensions such as equipment security, application security, data security and management security to achieve







Now protect the entire platform from damage and attacks.

3 Product Introduction

3.1 Product introduction
The integrated combat platform is a dedicated system platform based on solving actual combat problems. Under the entire business system, it belongs to combat



























The category of units is mainly used to organize and implement combat tasks. The integrated combat platform adopts physical isolation between internal and external networks, and all combat resources

































Sources and combat environments are concentrated in the cloud with high-strength protection, and actual combat tasks are released through the intranet to ensure the security of internal and external network data. actual combat team







I









Operators can safely and covertly access the combat platform at any time, anywhere, through any network, and using any terminal.















Taiwan and carry out practical work.

2 /7132

