interest, time period (in months) can be as needed

























choose. Statistical information includes total number of tasks, number of tasks completed,

Task score distribution and other content, and the task score distribution displays the number and proportion of tasks in each score segment in the form of a chart.

5) Skill and strategy sharing function:
Knowledge acquisition and learning. The knowledge management module supports several different dimensions |







country. Charge Yan XX tail Fan Yang points +50
RN 13
+50 points for each task of completing XX tasks
1 1
Already XX (Ren Xiao’s score +50
to the
Complete xX Rengon score +50
id Zhiben
Wanji XX sex score + people
Obtain him from the anointing or XX mission 5 people 0
Xianhui XX mission brings +50

(Points Management)















To realize the exchange and sharing of internal experience, techniques, tactics and other information within the private network, as well as the understanding of cutting-edge technologies
The sources of content are: shared by people in the group,













Latest content push, result review analysis, etc. The knowledge management module is similar to building a communication platform on a private network.

In BBS forums, users can post freely and view all shared posts.

lead

b)









































When users post, they need to fill in the post content and set attributes. Set post type (including knowledge items, bookmarks













meeting/study meeting, simple PPT, etc.); enter the title, edit the content, and upload attachments (size















And you can preview posts instantly. You also need to select visibility: Private (only |























,discuss
limit 10MB),

visible), public, protected (select

(select visible range); set label to select editable objects. When all content is completed, click Publish and the post will be ready







Share successfully.

















Users can see a list of posts shared by all people. The list display includes the title of the post, the person who posted it,













Editing time, type, visibility, as well as favorites, likes, and listening







quantity; click to collect, click dog,









Name Fu Ke





12 /32

