Format grab file program's network data for analysis, comparison and security testing.
6) Malicious behavior screenshot function: If the imported file is found to have malicious behavior, such as file copying, the file



Take screenshots and record various malicious behaviors such as name modification.
4.1.4 Weapon resource management module
The weapons and equipment module is deployed on the external network platform, but the module is independent of other modules and provides a multi-login authentication mechanism.





















Only then can weapons and equipment be downloaded and used. The entire module provides weapon sandbox security detection functions, weapons library management functions, and weapons library



Update function
4.1.4.1 Weapon sandbox security detection function



Mainly provides various types of weapons that need to be built into the external network platform, provides a sandbox environment for security testing and inspection, and detects import into the platform























All types of weapons and equipment meet safety requirements and usage requirements. The weapon sandbox security detection function also mainly provides program import analysis and API









It has six major functions: detection, behavior analysis, process image analysis, PACP packet capture analysis, and malicious behavior screenshots.





1) Program import analysis function: supports analysis of multiple file formats, including windows executable files, DLL files, PDF
Documents, Office documents, malicious URLs, HTML files, PHP files, CPL files, VBS, ZIP compressed files

files, jar files, python programs, etc.









2) API detection function: Able to track win32 API call records of malware processes and all processes generated by them.



















Warn or record malicious API behavior calls.









3) Behavior analysis function: After the files to be detected are imported and analyzed, the software’s file creation, deletion and downloading behaviors can be detected.







And record, grasp and understand whether the behavior of the software complies with regulations and safety regulations.
4. Process mirror analysis function: The imported file program memory can be mirrored 1:1 to obtain the complete software process
version of the memory image for thorough analysis and comparison.

















5) PACP packet capture analysis function: After the imported file is executed in the sandbox environment, if network traffic is generated, PACP



Format grab file program's network data for analysis, comparison and security testing.
6) Malicious behavior screenshot function: If the imported file is found to have malicious behavior, such as file copying, the file

19 /32

