



Wen "Enter the interface to operate the related functions of the external network application cloud platform















4.2.2.4 Data return function







Supports the transmission of result files, cloud notes and other data obtained from the task cloud host to the private network management platform, and the transmission is point-to-point transmission.



Transmission, that is, transmission from the external network file server to the private network file server. This transmission channel can only transmit in one direction and is irreversible.





















In the external/private network file server for file transfer, all received files are encrypted and stored. File transfer and storage in directory structure





































Isolate within the structure and correspond one by one from single user to single user and from log file to log file to prevent third parties from conducting exploration,
Edit to ensure the security of data transmission.











External private network information synchronization functions include file synchronization and cloud notes |

Previous|

Step and task cloud host information synchronization.
4.2.2.5 Task note function





The task note component supports the collection, organization and presentation of various types of information. Supports creation of folder classification storage and insertion

















district















Films, attachments, automatic saving, etc. are supported to facilitate the fragmented recording of new techniques, tactics and usage experiences formed during actual operations.















Organize and summarize, quickly synchronize to the private network through the data return component and display it.







task management

Make auspicious ring pit. {Annihilation B. Literary management notes and Lietian. Master citation list. The host controls 3 people from the country of thinking

FE E can = 9 people
May 2 ea”ED EC3
|                      mm EEC3

add
(Manage notes)
4.2.2.6 Virtual machine management function











Supports management of virtual machines included in the platform, viewing the corresponding IP or virtual machine status and time information, and turning them on or off
Virtual machine and other operations.





29 /32

