1

Preface





















Email is a















It can also store various formats

Pick,
Login

A large number of illegal organizations and criminals, they
Terrorist attack and other risks

2

Out1

The widest range of services.



electronic



Jicun





means to provide a means of communication for information exchange, sending



Exhibition to today

has become an Internet application



Bamboo has many characteristics such as fast, environmentally friendly, safe, convenient, multimedia and can receive emails.











Electronic documents, among netizens









hold head high

During communication in life and work,









Hotmail is internet free



Send and receive emails, Outlook mailbox is a free,
Hotmail, will also be





directed to

















National Security:





make











illegal and criminal activities.



demand analysis

(one)

As we all know, Outlook is recommended by Microsoft

Precisely crack down on illegal crimes







Outlook mailbox is used to

Outlook mailbox transfer



has become



One of the most important media tools.





One of the email providers that can be read by anyone in the world via a web browser



























Web-based email portal service where users
A brand of high-frequency business email services.











This feature of ook mailbox,

For Outlook Mailbox Security Mechanism | And

certificate,







Achieve the target human resources without any sense







(two)







p piece of data.

fill technical gaps

To avoid the detection of investigators, the Outlook mailbox evidence collection platform is Antao Information:





With the development of information security technology, information warfare



It has become one of the resources that countries are scrambling to seize. in information warfare

The essential,

force.



Already entered

A highly secure free webmail service that criminals take advantage of



Cut off the network, organize and spread false statements and create

Mountain

























Get a needle



A system developed specifically for Outlook mailbox forensics, which can directly bypass the secondary verification without a password.

















Thermal state. information



become a person





country's destiny

swimming,

















radish |



We need to build a forensics platform for Outlook mailboxes to make up for this technical problem |

P, steal government information, destroy the government information system, and become a system of political restraint









Null





sexual









, to help combat illegal crimes



