1 Introduction









In the era of rapid development of information technology, network technology has also undergone earth-shaking changes with the update and iteration of technology. New technologies









Emerging one after another, driven by the rapid development trend of Internet technology, network penetration technology is also constantly innovating, and the current international situation







The potential is complex and network conflicts are happening every moment.



cases, and these online GJ incidents, in addition to GJ by hostile forces, there are also





























Illegal cyber GJ activities carried out by criminal groups in order to obtain profits. China is a big cyber country and faces the most serious cyber security threats.











































is one of the countries in the world, so there is an urgent need to establish a data query platform to provide powerful network attack and defense capabilities for network TZ business development.









combat ability.



Currently, there are many types of network security intelligence and other information. The GA team lacks channels to effectively improve search. Traditional searches are too cumbersome and cumbersome.

Has

Moreover, most of the information searched is repetitive and meaningless data, and important data is often difficult to find, thus making it impossible to achieve effective efficiency of TZ team members.















Therefore, in order to meet the current development trend of network TZ, create professional search software and build an integrated data platform.











It is urgent to innovate network information search through the construction of an integrated data platform for search and storage. Through the storage and search platform

















Technical means to implement storage and intelligent search modes help the network TZ team to effectively improve their actual combat capabilities and accumulate practical experience.
2 "Needs Analysis

A data platform that integrates comprehensive retrieval, multiple data imports, resource management sharing and secure storage. The platform can



























According to the daily work needs of network ZC business, targeted data retrieval is performed, various types of data are supported for import and summary, and can be



















Unified management and deployment of massive data to effectively provide data support for network ZC work and further improve network ZC business



Data construction improves ZC business efficiency.





> Comprehensive search





Based on data correlation query, it can realize comprehensive query through keywords, and use email, phone number, ID card, etc. as the main correlation









Object, conduct in-depth investigation of the target person’s detailed information, and support second-level query of massive data.









> Data import



By extending the technical protocol, it supports the safe import of many different types of data. By cleaning the collected data information,
Classify, import into the integrated data platform, and finally realize various data information retrieval and extract value data QB.



