> Data management
Based on the data of the current business platform, users can create data collation or creation of each business project according to specific business needs.









































Data sharing across business platforms ultimately enables efficient use of data.











> Storage security









Based on the use of distributed storage technology, it naturally supports horizontal expansion, and at the same time, data security comes with redundant backup to prevent data disasters;





































It also supports elastic scaling cluster architecture, and the physical cluster size can be freely selected according to business needs. In addition, it also supports high-availability loads.





















Balancing, automatic failover, etc.
3 "Product Introduction
3.1 Product introduction
"Antao integrated data platform" is a set of integrated comprehensive retrieval, multiple data import, resource management sharing and secure storage integration





















As an integrated data platform, the platform can conduct targeted data retrieval based on the daily work needs of network ZC business and support various

















Type data can be imported and summarized, and massive data can be managed and deployed in a unified manner, thereby effectively providing data support for network ZC work.







Further improve the construction of network ZC business data and improve the efficiency of ZC business work.
3.2 "Product composition
"Antao Integrated Data Platform'" is mainly composed of four layers: data access layer, platform entrance layer, data governance layer and data application layer.



































































By importing, cleaning, identifying, managing and storing data at the data access layer, the file interface and

































Zhiliu interface is used to connect with user data. The data management layer uses data cleaning, format conversion, unified identification, detection and evaluation, and data management.





































According to analysis and calculation, the data is classified and processed, and finally the daily management, maintenance and use of the system platform are implemented at the data application layer.



















The product composition list is mainly as follows:



1. Integrated data platform software: 1 set











2. Integrated data platform user manual: 1 copy







2 /24

