Antao information product quotation list

Shanghai Headquarters/APT Defense and Research Laboratory

Address: Room 1002, Qiangqiang Building, No. 1318 Qixin Road, Yuexing District, Shanghai [Valid until December 31, 2022
ON

1lSha Building B, Cuifeng International, No. 366 Baicao Road, High-tech West District, Chengdu City
Tet400-066-5916
Emaiksupport@i-soon.net

Product number "Product name Product parameters/functions Unit Unit price (yuan)

Public safety























































Xunneng Hardware is ultimately responsible for keeping Dao Lian Lu and Zhuo Kui safe.
And for the push of device current module data,
Machine RM People | and
SORETTLTERTET JR
In-depth situation scanning module Deer Technique, including information on developing friends, epidemic situation, personal information reporting, |
According to the "party-affiliated social basis" H A guide: Han guide Zhu related
Clues on important events at home and abroad, including international relations, political economy
The product form of Haishan Security Intelligent Platform is Zhi 2 Chi Hui R He He
This volume contains research reports released by the Academy’s global think tanks to help users address their concerns.
Famous items are finalized + Zhizhen limited hospital for 1 year
The Saas platform provides different methods, knowing and being able to do it | The site has the same style, Lin Yuguang's inside oil
The article finally asks about the security of layer link.
Finally, the focus was measured. This object could be a person or a certain person.
Ap oo Taoyuan Security Qianneng Platform From security to saas platform | This pair is from everyone in the personal village to the two-person personnel |
(Hardware + functional modules) The same module solves the differentiated needs of application scenarios (Social flocs) The big data system cleans, labels, and
Through dynamic combination measures, combined with many years of weather and wind correlation, the ship volume is analyzed to obtain relevant data within the year.
Fukasuki's AI big data algorithm for commercial use PE
Customers and public safety users provide Zhongwei Tianjixing and cooperation to let the two people clear the first cup |
Products that meet the development needs of the coming times. Extension intelligence
AR (People's Livelihood Administration) Dazhi and 9 institutes conducted the first clearing and marking of stations. | Health
Yang, analyze the relevant data content due to energy,
1Tune R to divide the toolbar resource library, including personnel and items.
Please report the toolbar. . |Organization query interface and other "online interface", year
FE Feng Xia Bai, Ou Baoyou-Pr Er Ke 3 No
Intelligence Analysis Workstation Bureau type format files, these files need to be decoded, divided |
Let the number have been issued_Ge Shi Shi Kuo will wait for winter to be written_Lu Ji estimates
2 | Real system can be connected with other Zhuo blocks to realize the original data analysis
For the report analysis desk. . |Automatic analysis and selection of materials, automatic air control, and value points in intelligence. | year
- Item 9: Please manage the function 1
In addition, the integrated demonstration platform is based on the Standard Edition 2. Test question management function set that has been used for many years. It provides three years of free maintenance upgrades and technical support.
Integrated Qianyuan Terrace available nationwide
(According to the bidding letter, there is no distinction between versions, there is a fixed bidding | Network attack and defense test, improve the T2 team
AP-002 and Japan, with Kunjian Village | full network attack and defense capabilities, familiar and professional in-house equipment, will provide third level expansion and technical support.
, the guide sets the direction of video learning, field rainbow number and ability
Professionals with the goal of professionalism, skills, and professional training
Meet Tianhe (number of people) Industrialized training and training integrated platform
Taiwan Training Manual Counter Set will provide third-level talisman expansion and technical support.
Hidden One Generation TF Paping Valley, Xia Zhong Yu
Yisihua (ground platform Xinhe 2 1
This | is a dedicated system platform that has proven to be a real problem. It provides third-level expansion and technical support.
Ap-nna (according to bidders, regardless of version, there are fixed indicators. I am in a good mood and will take a winter break until next year. The bureau does this.



















