

















































Four CE livelihood. |Quan, provided by 8 Linfen Dawei|. . Catastrophes from heaven and man. |Add center records, Chi Shi Wei Kai Nei |
\The number is incorrect to , chapter case library,
Nuclear data on talent selection to realize people
Prefectural and Municipal Bureau (whether you want it again). . |Homepage Overview, Case Investigation, Road Management, Tool Management Report | Year
Two people and two people join the platform to handle cases specifically for the people of the district and county.
Sijiao is an assistance platform that provides help. The platform will investigate home page overview, case investigation, link management, tool management, and reporting.
And the 021 article is fully recognized? Rentai conforms to technical standards, facilitates customer collaboration, has a layout, personnel management, and serves a large screen year
| Automate the attack on the website involved in the case. The function name of Pingsheng S355 is the name of the software.
Police Station Home Page Overview, Case Quick Collection and Quick Function Report, Personnel Management | Year
Ben sna + Lu
[Perak to work in the box is a full version of LE
The carrier of random notes, through the large number of cases, tablet final temple version, the number is 15 in the inner hall, and you can also pay to increase it, XX one. set
Hold, needle 7 high-incidence network cases carried out
AP-022 Reverse playback publicity toolbar, stand-alone terminal version, 15 pieces in the inner hall, you can also pay to increase, XX one. set
Cyber crimes within the jurisdiction can be
The numbers promoted by Zhao Sao and his lover are 15. You can also pay to increase the number by XX-. set
The station number given by the final consumer network from the publicity estimator is 5, and the life target is 5.
[two
AP-023 Taozhong blockchain forensics platform. . | Dizhi Monitoring and Yuyi Address Fund Flow Analysis / 1 Address Monitoring 2. Monitoring Dynamics 3. Address Analysis Set
Technical Service Liu / Case clue provision, data analysis, virtual currency tracking case | There is always 2% that is not gold
Ap-023-S Blockchain case service, forensic evidence collection service/evidence analysis, fixed evidence, judicial supervision and determination | Is there always an excess of 5%
Amounted currency disposal services / other transactions = exchange for cash | 5% of the total Asian cash amount
Enterprise security
The network security beach that has been guided for many years is practical_,
Combat and test, combined with various network investigation units to make distinctions when detecting "cup people"
Skill requirements for cybersecurity talents, autonomy
AP-024 Taowan red and blue pair give the certification platform for the expansion show. . |A set of professional intranet simulation attacks developed by Ht Jian Chang to distinguish the special album version
platform, students can practice based on actual combat scenarios 1
1. In the infiltration environment of the built intranet, the technical environment and political power make it difficult to control the environment.
Cyber Security Confrontation to Improve Trainees and ER
All necessary bionics to give birth to human beings, compromise 1 (person), during training
Vulnerable whip donkey host, easy-to-attack network standard version | put Bomimu 25 (pieces) set |. Makeup 00000.00 | A set of hardware equipment and a negative scene
Contact the county affairs department, etc., to induce the attacker to attack the secret RUTUTT
Attack and let attackers imitate Xuan Shen "'True Professional Edition | Charge Bo Mi Pregnancy 25 (pieces) set | y50000000 | Yixiang Benbo equipment deployment Yu Zhimi network scene
"Real" corporate intranet environment, quickly explore training and adjustment 4 purpose jatem
. Gu's witness stepped down, behaved in a disciplined manner and sent the data of Ba area quickly. Training is a major requirement. Advanced secret listening network + 5 node secrets.
AP-025 Taoqiao secret key platform is equipped with a complete log recording system "Flag negative version [25 (person) set | 0000000 | Window can be expanded at a cost of 2W per node
xd pays 9 aggressive behavior to record lake has
Source, log data aggregation and visualization expert analysis service: Sampling and analysis of attack samples #15,000.00. |Issue analysis report
Management, must be, to serve enterprise network system security experts
jp provides secure and reliable reference data. Log Benefit Service: Audit logs | and 500,000 copies. |Issue audit Yin He
Taoyu business security platform
AP-026 (This product is not under development at all) Set #180,00000 | Provide one year of free maintenance upgrades and technical support



















