1 Introduction





With the rapid development of network science and technology,























9 popularization. The arrival of the Internet era has given people







It has brought about huge changes in our lives. However, people are enjoying the development of network technology















Provides a more convenient criminal environment and







While bringing benefits, it also provides criminals with









. Using computers as communication carriers from





As activities increase, they tend to











Bring immeasurable seriousness to people and society









economic losses, even threatening







History >
Egg home is safe. Member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee,















Meng Jianzhu, Secretary of the Central Political and Legal Affairs Commission, once pointed out: In the future, most crimes may rely on

















network implementation. Therefore, attacking the profit





Stability is of great significance.









organization, for the benefit of the people, the development of society and the country





Computers as vehicles for committing crimes





















































According to statistics, in 2018
Windows operating system. Related
So the search for "Windows remote control management system"

The number of Internet users has reached 772 million, and 95% of Internet users using computers to access the Internet use











The door is undergoing network ZC.

















However, in the face of Windows system attack and evidence collection,

















operating system-based cybercriminals

2 "Needs Analysis

To ensure the construction of "Windows remote control management system"
Provide a full range of technical and tactical support during the war, so that

























The trend is, at the same time, against cracking down on Windows-based



target, and can be implemented in later network













It has practical value and practical significance,

















The overall construction includes killing functions, comprehensive system coverage, and rich functional design.



(1) "Hidden rabbit killing function"

"Windows Remote Control Management System" was used during the ZR forensics process.



The system can encrypt the link when data is transmitted back to avoid leakage; at the same time, it is necessary to

















The construction of the entire system should meet the requirements of hidden items and exemptions















The system should meet the functional requirements of Hidden 9 anti-virus,



















Enough to avoid detection by mainstream anti-virus software at home and abroad











function to avoid detection by criminals and conduct long-term evidence collection.





Full) full coverage of the system





Based on the current situation that there are many types of Windows operating system versions, the entire system should













Covering different categories and different versions





1713

