3 Product Introduction
3.1 Product introduction



























Due to the rapid development of the Internet and the widespread popularization of Windows operating system computers, criminals use the Internet to carry out illegal activities.
contact, plan and organize various illegal and criminal activities, which has brought huge harm and losses to the people and seriously affected the development of society and the country.

























stability and development, and the "Windows Remote Control Management System" can attack and collect evidence on the target Windows host, which is extremely























It prevents the occurrence of illegal and criminal acts to the greatest extent, ensures the safety of people's personal and property, and maintains the stable development of society and the country.











Independently developed based on mainstream network architecture and Windows system environment to achieve remote operation of Windows systems, JK and































Evidence collection. By placing the control program ZR generated by the generator on the target host and running it, technicians can view the target host information on the control end.



































information, and return the target host data to the ZC personnel according to the instructions of the ZC personnel. Increase relevant business departments to grasp information in advance and provide



























Take relevant defensive measures in advance, and at the same time, conceal and accurately grasp the criminal evidence of criminals, crack down on illegal crimes, and protect the country and people's livelihood.







Life and property safety.

3.2 "Product composition
"Windows remote control management system" is built using C/S structure. The system software includes generator and controller.







































Users use the generator to generate control programs. The controller can manage and use system functions. "Windows Remote Control Management System" product

















The product composition list is mainly as follows:





1. "Windows Remote Control Management System" software: 1 set

2. Product authorization dongle: 1









3. Product manual: 1 copy









3 /13

