

The automated Zhanqian test platform integrates hundreds of Qinjiu templates and Qiaer testing methods
, a platform that supports automated testing of various network devices and hosts*;

Engineering and automation related functions (leakhe extension soap/required oil utilization/and permission acquisition)
2.APT political attack function ({email phishing/browser attack/file hole attack)
3，

| w right click function (sa injection, file upload, remote code execution)





1 Automation and Automation Erxia Platform 2 A variety of testing methods throughout the year to attack the real production environment to achieve the test network and or near the execution of each command Qinhe)
and device information testing, verification, leakage utilization, downloading, and report generation 4
High efficiency of penetration test and its convenience, completeness and quasi-nitrification | Other penetration functions (Zhi Gong Generator/Violent Breaking Angle/Ye Suo Reuse/Replay Political Attack/Zhongban Mei
hit)
Report generation function
Village management and management functions
Industrial intranet cascading online function
3. Knife edge extraction function
4 Resource management functions
| winaows can remotely control and manage the current mainstream network and wmndows systems to advance various management functions
Independent research and development environment. Realize the extraction, monitoring and evidence collection of Windows system. 2. Service management function
The system is mainly composed of the generator and the system. By integrating the program generated by the generator and the 7.CMD system function
1. | waows search management system |. Window also controls and manages miscellaneous systems 2 million/three years to the target host and back. Investigators can see the target host's screen function in the control and rules.
Online information, and according to the evaluator's instructions, the data of the target host will be added to the logging function
tank personnel. 1. Liucan Xuanwen recording function
11. Launch log function
2. The machine owner information function will be launched online
33. This lower corner function













14. Migration color leather



Foreign service

Foreign service

