





































Project number | . Product Line Project Name Product Introduction Product Quotation Product Parameters/Function
The Twitter atmosphere forensics platform is a good example of anti-extraction and fraud against foreign social platforms.
1 Twitter is an all-in-one product for discussion guidance, control and monitoring, using exclusive non-intrusive forensic technology and big data. The first version has been completed, and it can be used by all users before it can be used to provide training for subordinates.
Intelligent bug technology enables countermeasures and monitoring of Twitter accounts, Renhe Youzhiheshengsheng
After the target visits the evidence collection page of the oil source evidence collection page.
You can collect evidence for the target continent and complete the first version by going to the target real public network. The current account (Sina Weibo, Baidu) will be invalid.
, Network Qingjian evidence collection system. . | IP and intranet information; and can detect the survival of the target. Implement so million seats (the vulnerability has been fixed); intranet jp extraction fails (chrome handles the default connection
Arrive at the gateway scan; you can also scan the target exit port to obtain the target port (the port is closed)
open information.
"The Second Edition" is currently under maintenance. Wutian level is now prosperous in Dalin Middle Server.
Qiu Sheng People 0 Entered Outlook link forensics and gmail exe forensics, because the gmail chain
For many years, email encryption platforms and Google/Microsoft security mechanisms and multi-access forensics will have risk warnings, so exe forensics "exe forensics" is used.
3 Email encryption platforms are based on the principle of 300,000 yuan/year based on our own comprehensive anti-research and development equipment; access to gmai authorization by controlling the browser automatically authorizes, so
Currently, the target email data intelligence is obtained in a long-term and covert manner, and the target's illegal 2.4 million/Sansheng has access to gmail authorization, automatic authorization,
to collect evidence of crimes, thereby achieving the purpose of preventing crime and combating crime. To upgrade the chrome account to the point where it cannot be sold, browse my headless model 2.
To prevent the target from being discovered, you can only automatically search and hide it in the browser, but it is still possible.
can be found.
There are also Tianhe from the heavy engineering team
2 Question management function
The integrated demonstration platform is based on Guorao’s many years of practical experience in network attack and defense. 3 Exam paper management functions
4 Integrated training and training platform | Improve Tz team's network offensive and defensive capabilities, total tools and equipment, technical warfare ao Wanfang 4 Comparison management functions
A professional training and training integrated platform with the goal of accumulating legal experience. 5 Team member management functions
6 Team management functions
7 Large screen display function
"Yi Li turns into a Daping person" is a special term used to evaluate the actual situation of Zang.
5 Integrated integrated combat platform. |The system platform, under the business system, belongs to the category of combat units. It is 600,000 large and can be upgraded to add combat nodes, weapons depots, hardware, storage and other resources.
, mainly used to organize and implement combat tasks.
The integrated security platform is based on big data technology and integrates Xi Feng Meiqin and Bu
Network resource data uses big data analysis to mine fluorine technology to improve the data
Intelligent sorting provides visual information connection for work and meets accuracy
6 Integrated data platform. | Intelligent discovery and decision-making support, while providing 1.2 million/large data volume and storage for multiple sources
Efficient processing of data information, solving complex data classification, warehousing, and classification
and other business problems, provide more efficient and accurate technical support services, and improve
Improve work efficiency and reduce work costs.
"Email Analysis QB Decision System" is developed based on text recognition big data technology
7 | Email analysis system Email analysis system design, supports express identification and analysis of massive email data, extracts estimated keys of 3 million/set, full-text rapid search, relationship network management, and pre-zone research and analysis









QB information such as characters, sensitive words, person relationships, contact information, etc.









