





























ES Products Yan Pinge Yan Pin Ding Cong Yan Lu Bingliu EYET3
The estimate of the work was made by Yu Shiyiji, who used an automatic final machine for the world's "Tongerning Piece Datian"
1 Start the survey: Make a complete prediction of the network requirements for the theater area training, and put the targeted simulation site into practice
1 Toolbar 2 Scenes, publicity patrol "The increasing trend of cybercrime gives Zhongying Grid propagandists a tool | Including village-wide trial experience records and subsequent promotional videos to provide users with all the information
Full box. Achieve the publicity effect of diverse forms of publicity content and dry people and dry noodles * in publicity effect | . . Hexi content; push of anti-fraud intelligence cases based on big data model analysis
It is more efficient and convenient than the form of paper patrol and video transmission.
Let everyone let their dominance and memory be deep,
Anti-Network Criminals is a platform specially provided for front-line police officers to provide the most targeted information.
However, interest detection, slow interest collection, and automatic correlation of assets. Qinjiu sweeping, Qinjiu utilization, certification
Nationally determined functions. Simplified the work and difficulty of front-line personnel, only need to enter a network every day
Two machines 300,000/year Address or upload an ApK, you can provide automated APK behavior analysis, I believe ie,
. Auxiliary Liangji Platform (Case Analysis Sub-platform) 2 Direct people are provided by each person so that people can be divided into Lin Lin and submit similar submissions here | When using the service group of the public network department, you can submit works by browsing and accessing
Portal information, CMS version, WAF information, etc. and engage in possible Qinhe
Provide intuitive graphical asset analysis and automatically mark the positions where breakthroughs can be made. |
ec can avoid obtaining shaLL and provide export functions of related data and reports.
-Xunxi Red and Blue Confrontation Training Platform" is a large-scale platform that provides practical training for network security technicians.
The Zhanzhen training platform can support village flags, offense and defense, ability verification, and more four types of processing. 1 supports entry into the title list.
Drill mode: There is no upper limit on the number of actual combat personnel, and it has real various network security combat capabilities. 2 supports question creation bin.
Field presentation Real records Scan application 1 Real ball environment simulation will be carried out to meet the needs of each 3. Support Kaixian village comparison
00,000 Xuechun Taiwan Radio Network security user units’ practical training requirements* Support the customization of Handan environment according to needs 4. Support customization of comparison rules
, 2-input complete set of the red expansion platform, main management and self-definition, and can also be imported into the training environment of each Yingfeng field in one chain. It has many uses. 5. Supports custom strategies
2 Environmental management autonomy * Be able to comprehensively review the results of each practical training and practical exercise 5. Support the main focus
Three combined analysis services are provided to facilitate the full dynamics of the team during the spell and comprehensive analysis after the village. The method supports independent production.
To conduct a cognitive analysis of the technical strength of the team itself, in order to facilitate the identification of personnel and teams 8. Support the creation of network nodes
Management, the platform has set up a personnel management center, and the real-time large screen can be customized. 9. Supports the conversion of questions into multiple formats (qcov2 format)
Provides intelligent platform operation and maintenance, and can customize the platform according to the level of actual combat personnel 10. Supports the management of Bi Village personnel and Bi Village team
Test questions are assembled to achieve hierarchical training of multi-level personnel
The big sky uses tribute to make a living, has a strong rest, generation, and plans again. "Weaved together" | Used to attack targets. This axis of famous stores has no backdoor people to detect and attack.
- Use tools, , , Bureau use | , , after
" Xiangtuo District Xiangtuo District 07/三生 Click, XS5 tools, comprehensive sweeps, data management, remote control and other professional software tools into the tool
, which can quickly network the target
5 hard days
"LiMing Anti-Anti-Response 2" is a revolutionary professional-grade medical communication network anti-cancellation product.
Country name and author 150,000/year The equipment is randomly changed through the chain Liao strong palace, multi-node hemisphere and export, hiding the use
6. Four moisture-proof management backends: 400,000/three years. The real address, physical address, interactive content and other personal information can be used to realize online medical name service, NATc service and whistle network access.
Prevent chemical and human information from being discovered and routed, eliminating security risks to society
7 It’s the same as above
"Version 2" is a routing device that enables global website access. The product has its own wireless function. Family Planning Jiangshang District Corner
After setting, you can " 4. Support optional FQ
After the settings are completed, you can realize the function of scientific Internet access.
Fu Shou Ke Village: Each district is responsible for the arrival of intelligence important villages and the second level of security and effective imitation.
Excessive intelligence: The work interface of think tank resources allows users to subscribe to strategic intelligence on a daily basis, including
Basic intelligence, dynamic intelligence, character intelligence, economic intelligence, social intelligence, geographical information
Believe in in-depth intelligence such as intelligence and political intelligence
File Express: Users can transfer various file data point-to-point through a secure encryption chain
, with the function of safe document deletion
2 Snow points: push important domestic and international events, including international regulations, political economy _
. Safe temple cook, safe temple cook, social and people's livelihood, etc. Songware function: Standard version platform software with full functions









Thematic focus: A kind of information collection specially collected and produced for a certain target.
And set, this object can be a specific person or thing, or it can be a revolutionary
An abstract scope or field is generally reflected in the platform as public safety user assessment.
Different working directions, such as: Hong Kong and Taiwan direction, Indo-Pacific region, US-related direction, European direction
Towards.
Global Think Tanks: Track research reports released by global think tanks to help users gain insights into the world
The industry pattern and insight into the future trend







