6 Product Deployment
6.1 Applicable environment
"Automated Penetration Testing Platform" is a platform that integrates hundreds of vulnerability templates and penetration testing methods to support various types of network equipment and















































A platform for the host to automate penetration testing. The platform adopts a variety of deployment methods and can be used by users to penetrate specific network targets.















































Special tasks for thorough testing. The system integrates a variety of vulnerability templates and testing methods to fully satisfy users' penetration testing and testing of target networks.























Requirements for multiple penetration testing attacks such as WEB application testing, vulnerability verification, weak password scanning, mobile terminal penetration, and arbitrary verification.
6.2 Deployment method
The platform supports multiple ways of deploying applications. It supports installation on portable hardware such as laptops, and also supports deployment to virtualization platforms.

































Only basic network connectivity is required to carry out security detection and assessment. The system is generally used as an active test and is also used for special















Scenarios provide a deployment method for passive testing. Specific deployment requirements are as follows:



Configure environment environment parameters



Active test deployment: The system is able to connect to the target network, either through a proxy or VPN.











Busi method passive test deployment: apply the automatic test module in the system and connect the system to a















Network port for traffic mirroring, analyze and test the mirrored network traffic.







Recommended dual-core CPU, 4GB running memory, 120G storage or above configuration



Hardware environment
Operating system type: Ubuntu 16.04 LTS 64-bit



Recommended VMWare ESXi6.5



Recommended VMWare Workstation 11



virtualized environment
VMWare Player 11 or above is recommended



VMWare Fusion (for Mac)



Network environment with access to the Internet









21 /15

