A type of empty instruction is a no-op, and the opcode on the X86CPU architecture platform is ox90. Constructing "political evil" in penetration attacks







When using the data buffer, it is often necessary to add an empty command area before the shellcode that is actually to be executed, so that when a penetration attack is triggered





When executing ShellCode after a jump, there is a larger safe landing zone to avoid memory address randomization and return address



I











ShellCode execution failure caused by calculation deviation and other reasons improves the reliability of penetration attacks.







6) Encoder module



After the attack payload and the empty command module are assembled to complete a command sequence, the "political evil" number is added to this command by the penetration attack module.











Before the data buffer is handed over to the target system for running, the platform framework still needs to complete a very important process - coding. coding module





















The first mission is to ensure that the attack payload does not contain "bad characters" that should be avoided during penetration attacks. The second encoder makes





The mission is to "rabbit kill" the attack load, that is, to evade anti-virus software, IDS intrusion detection systems, and 1PS intrusion prevention systems.



Detect and block.

> Interface











The interface part provides a variety of user interfaces, such as Web interface, API interface, command line interface and import interface.



















































Web interface: Provides an application interface for web-related automated penetration, which can quickly call web-based vulnerabilities, xss,



































Tools and application technologies such as sql injection;























APIl interface: An API interface that provides system-related data permissions to facilitate customized development and specialization according to user needs.























Application in special scenarios;











Command line interface: Provides a command line interface, which can facilitate penetration personnel with strong professional and technical abilities and solid technical foundation.











Call platform-related functions and perform related tasks through the command line interface;

























Import interface: Supports the import of related tools and data such as scripts, tools and data to further expand and improve the functions of the platform.









am
SG

> "Other parts









The use of third-party security tools such as Nmap expands the basic capabilities of the framework and allows for rapid development and integration of additional functions.



















Such as Nessus, OpenVAS vulnerability scanner, etc., to further improve the platform's automated penetration capabilities and penetration success rate.











77/15

