can choose



If you receive a replay attack, you can participate based on previous attacks.
4.10 Springboard attack
Springboard attacks are mainly for advanced usage scenarios. After successfully penetrating a host, the penetrated host can be used as a springboard for further attacks.



New penetration and session established.









































Attack other networks to which the host is connected. For example, penetrating a host through the Internet, and then scanning and attacking the internal network through the host,















Such as sniffing and other operations on the intranet.
4.11 Investigation and evidence collection
After successfully penetrating the target host, the "automated penetration testing platform" can realize the evidence collection function of the controlled host, such as leakage

































Comprehensive functions such as screenshots, configuration files, keylogging, and file operations of the hole host.

























































































Screenshot: intercept the target host system interface and obtain data information such as the target host desktop information;
Configuration file: Obtain the target host configuration file and master the target host system and application-related configuration data information, which is beneficial to

























Take full control of the target host;























Keylogger: Able to record in real time



Keyboard logging data performed by machine operators to covertly obtain relevant information about the target host





bureau













Data information, such as account password and other data;























File operations: Comprehensive management operations can be performed on the files of the target host through the "automated penetration testing platform", such as deleting files,









total





Functions such as uploading files, downloading files, and viewing files.
4.12 Advanced scheduled tasks
The "automated penetration testing platform" provides periodic task functions to satisfy users' penetration assessment and detection of their own platforms.

































































Users can develop task plans according to needs to achieve regular automated penetration and inspection of the target system; and the system supports task chains, which can







Execute a combination of different tasks in a customized configuration sequence to perform comprehensive penetration detection analysis on the target system.
4.13 Teamwork
"Automated Penetration Testing Platform" provides multi-user roles, divided into administrators, auditors, and ordinary users; they can be assigned according to projects





















































































Permissions (projects can be network scoped, etc.). Through multi-user and multi-role system management, it ensures that the platform can be scientific, stable and efficient.

























efficient operation.

16 /15

