1 Introduction







Catalyzed by frequent security incidents, network information security has risen to a national strategic level. Security in information security measures



















Testing and evaluation is an essential part. Article 38 of the National Cybersecurity Law stipulates that “operators of critical information infrastructure







The security and possible risks of its network should be tested by itself or by a network security service agency at least once a year.















"Assessment". From the frequent exposure of important security vulnerabilities and related events every year, it can be known that continuous security testing and assessment can achieve
Effective security defense effect.



As network security attracts more and more attention, penetration testing is the most realistic reflection of the security risks existing in information systems.











is a method that is attracting more and more attention. Among security detection and evaluation technologies, penetration testing is widely considered to be critical to system security.



















It is best to test because it is closest to a real-world attack. Performing these tests usually requires a skilled person to spend a lot of time.



Perform, and ideally, the engineers performing these tests need to be at or above the skill level of potential attackers.









Therefore, it is necessary to develop such a system that can carry out active attacks on the system, provide detection of security vulnerabilities in the system, and test new







A penetration testing platform with basic functions such as the impact of attack techniques, and simulates attack evaluation through the penetration testing services provided by the penetration testing platform.











Evaluate the security of application systems and equipment.

2 "Needs Analysis

Because the existing network penetration testing theory is still in the midst of rapid development and change, the corresponding practical technology also relies heavily on the network.































The technical level of individual cybersecurity experts. Through the construction of "automated penetration testing platform", on the one hand, it solves the problem of security management personnel technology



























The problem is that their level is limited and they cannot master effective penetration testing knowledge in a short time. On the other hand, the tools on the market are expensive and

Number
out























































The cost is too high and cannot truly meet practical purposes such as simplicity and ease of use for users. The construction of this platform can be used by people with a certain professional foundation.

































Provide some simple and easy-to-use tools. The construction of the entire platform needs to meet the following requirements:











(1) "Detect the security of the target network



















As the main means of network system security detection, penetration testing can effectively evaluate the target network security problems and possible

























risks of. The "automated penetration testing platform" supports penetration testing of the target network based on the actual needs of the user to obtain the target







































1715

