service, inject some specially constructed





Execute "that evil" data contained in



attack
Passive Penetration Attack: Every

It is a traditional penetration attack.

Contains "collect evil" attack data















|









attack payload to obtain



The vulnerability lies in the client software

, such as browsers, browsing plug-ins, email clients, of

control session of the system. against

network request content, triggering security vulnerabilities and causing remote services to



Active penetration of network servers

ice





and various document and editing software such as Adobe. For such security vulnerabilities that exist in client software, we cannot proactively



Data is input into the client software remotely,

Mail or document files and contain such











This can only be taken











Malice









send and deceive





mark

Account opening, combined with online deception and hijacking







Detect security vulnerabilities in client software and provide controls





















Firewall, etc.
hole attack.

Network border protection measures, the most common



3) Post-penetration attack module



Post-penetration attack module

To support the acquisition of penetration attacks



control function,

Various types of operations are carried out in the enterprise controlled system

Passive penetration attack method. have

Zhu Technology, etc.















Activities such as springboard attacks and cleanup traces.

4) Attack payload module



Content server, send email attachment

Construct "political evil"







web pages, electronic



software, combined with social engineering attack analysis









on the marking system









users access this content and thus







Standard system remote control rights

A shell session for the target system. Client software passive penetration attacks can be bypassed
Two types of passive penetration attacks are browser software vulnerability attacks and file format vulnerability attacks.











The attack payload is a successful penetration attack







open at



ShellCode code, written in assembly language and converted to







trigger vulnerability



Single function.
5) Empty command module

control session connection on the target system. in tradition

Therefore, the program execution flow is moved



Yu prompts







A piece of implanted code that targets system operation, usually as

In 2016, with the help of the powerful load platform





Post-penetration attack actions, such as obtaining sensitive information, further development, and implementation















for penetration attackers

















Penetration code development

dust and jump into this machine code







The null instruction (NOP) is

These no-operation or irrelevant operation instructions will not have any substantial impact on the running status of the program.

P, the attack payload is just a simple function
The machine code supported by the standard system CPU architecture can be used in penetration attacks.

Execution, thereby completing the implementation in ShellCode















6 /15

