

If connected, it proves that the port is open, otherwise it is closed.













SYN scanning: The scanner sends a SYN packet requesting a connection to a port on the target host. The scanner receives a SYN/ACK



















Finally, instead of sending an ACK response, a RST packet is sent to request a disconnection. In this way, the three-way handshake is not completed and cannot be established.















For a normal TCP connection, SYN only needs to send the initial SYN packet to the target host. If the port is open, the corresponding SYN-













ACK packet; if closed, respond with RST packet;









NULL scan: The principle is to send a data packet without any flag bits set to the TCP port. In normal communication









At least one flag must be set. According to the requirements of FRC793, when the port is closed, the car receives a flag that is not set.







data field, then the host should discard this segment and send a RST packet, otherwise it will not respond to the client that initiated the scan.







client computer. That is to say, if the TCP port is closed, it will respond with an RST packet, if it is open, there will be no response.



















Dump Scan: Also known as Idle Scan or Reverse Scan, a third-party zombie scan is applied when scanning a host.























Zombie host to









bureau









The machine sends a SYN packet. The target host port responds to SYN|ACK when it is developed, and returns RST when it is closed, zombie



















The host responds to SYNIACK with RST and does not respond to RST. When scanning from a zombie host, a local





































Continuous pings from the computer to the zombie host. View the 1D field of the Echo response returned by the zombie host to determine the target

































Which ports on the host are open or closed.











The data that can be detected includes: IP, network segment, domain name, port, operating system version, application of each port, web application,























































8 applications, version information, service information, domain name registrant information, the id of the website poster in the web application, the name of the administrator,























Protection information, etc.
2) Penetration attack module
Exploit discovered security vulnerabilities or configuration weaknesses to attack remote target systems to implant and run attack payloads to obtain































A code component that controls access to the target system. The penetration attack module in the platform framework can be based on the location of the exploited security vulnerability.















Locations are divided into two categories: active penetration attacks and passive penetration attacks.

























Active penetration attack: The security vulnerability exploited is located between the network server software and the upper-layer applications carried by the server software.





























, because these services usually open some listening ports on the host and wait for client connections, by connecting to the target system network service





























5 /15

