











Network data information. At the same time, the platform has a large number of built-in attack templates and tools. Users can penetrate the target network through simple configuration.















































Penetrating attacks, detect vulnerabilities and risks in the target, and determine the security of the target network.

(2) "Automated vulnerability verification

















Exploiting vulnerabilities as a top tip in penetration testing









The most important part is to accurately determine the exploitability of the selected vulnerability before exploiting it.























A crucial step. Single analysis is extremely prone to risky errors. The automated penetration testing platform supports the import of missed scans from other manufacturers.















































The report is used to verify whether key high-risk vulnerabilities can be exploited, providing convenience for penetration testing and prompting users to discover and exploit them as soon as possible.













Fix critical security risks.
(3) "Professional penetration testing report
As a summary of the penetration test, the penetration test report determines the final result of the penetration test. The traditional manual penetration test report,













Depends on the professionalism of the penetration testing forum personnel, which can easily lead to insufficient professionalism in the test report. "Automated penetration testing platform"































Supports the generation of professional test reports, supports multiple file formats and multiple report templates for use in different scenarios, ensuring that users are





















Address reported vulnerabilities in their network or equipment.

3 Product Introduction

3.1 Product introduction
"Automated penetration testing platform" is a platform that integrates hundreds of vulnerability templates and penetration testing methods to support various types of network equipment.















































A platform for automating penetration testing on computers and hosts. Attack the real production environment through a variety of testing methods built into the platform to achieve complete control of the tested





































Network and device information detection, vulnerability verification, vulnerability exploitation, penetration attacks and report generation to improve the efficiency of penetration testing and its







Convenience, completeness and accuracy.
3.2 “System Architecture
The construction of the "automated penetration testing platform" is based on the Ruby language and adopts a highly modular design. Generally divided into basic







































Libraries, modules, interfaces and other third-party integration tools or plug-ins 4 parts.













2 /115

