







for use/









bureau















Target the target network environment and provide network penetration attack services. thereby effectively improving
Efficiency and convenience in obtaining target information.







The third is to launch a talent training plan. In order to better respond to anti-terrorism activities in Xinjiang, as well as Bazhou









Bazhou Public Security Bureau



Security Bureau for





Cyber security, information security and other related positions







people strategy and













The Bazhou Public Security Bureau, enterprises and schools are deeply involved in



















Can effectively promote the talent training and output of cooperative colleges and universities



cooperation and give full play to the resources of all parties

pertinence and effectiveness











Fang Rui



Original advantages, continuously effective

Actively establish and improve the talent supply and demand mechanism for the entire chain of talent training, introduction, and transportation |; can |



bid, our company proposed to pass



Dingsu



In order to cultivate and output information security technical talents with high matching degree and strong professional practical ability for the State Public Security Bureau, the other party











Target achieved, full effort



Improve learning



At once





















employment level and employment quality,





True









Cultivate



Cultivate multi-directional technical talents.



Post "unit, enterprise, school"



win-win.

The three parties develop together,









School + enterprise joint approach to carry out targeted class training and teaching management, thereby effectively

The fourth is comprehensive laboratory construction. According to the latest requirements of our country’s national policy: In order to promote our country’s cyber special investigation team



team and laboratory hierarchical construction to enhance our country’s

Implementation Opinions on the Construction of the Investigation Team" (Public Office [2010]



Specification" (Gongban [2010] No. 2159) and other document requirements, I |
According to the actual situation, the network special investigation laboratory was conducted to search for















Security Department Online



No. 28), "Public Security Organ



E activates the offensive ability. in accordance with"





security department



Network special investigation













All over the country



The security department will



Shenpu













Mainly for attacks and penetrations in the network special investigation work of the network security departments of public security agencies.
Provide operational support and technical support for protection and other aspects. Based on law enforcement departments













situation, and the grading of laboratories in our country

Prepare for construction.



> Rose attack equipment: take "attack advance" as

Setting the latest standards, Law Enforcement Department





























Yes, actively develop





equipment. Capable of handling traditional network applications at the same time









and new networks











Launched the invasion and infiltration,





bureau

Target control and attack process security.

set up. Comprehensive laboratory equipment is different from traditional network detection and control equipment.

Complete

The practice of hierarchical construction of Guizheng Laboratory
The door still needs to continue to improve the relevant special reconnaissance equipment.

Active offensive weapons in cyberspace

F disturb



