Afghanistan National Security Council Intranet + Postal Service, Southeast Asia Counter-Terrorism Center Postal Service, etc. Political and economic data include Malaysia





Malaysia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Interior, Thailand’s Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Commerce, Mongolia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Police, etc., travel category







Data includes AirAstanna airlines,













Air Macau, etc., military-related categories include Malaysian military network, etc., through









Information data includes Pakistan’s Zong operator, Kazakhstan’s Kcell and Beeling communications companies,







Mongolia Telecom and skytel operators etc. )



The directions of Zbekistan and Iran are



At the same time, our company has targeted Afghanistan, Syria, and Ukraine.

















vSpecific project team, conduct network information for specific target organizations















Shantou

















Heart

Collect and prepare for the start of penetration implementation work
The bureau can reach a strategic cooperation agreement with our company and become a strategic partner.

The Er Autonomous Region was tame during the anti-Li campaign |





Defeat the police



move.



Based on the data support provided by our company, in Xinjiang Uighur





Provide effective technical support for Uyghur anti-terrorism activities in Xinjiang. Effective supervision of anti-terrorism organizations in Xinjiang can be achieved







control, as well as crackdown on terrorist activities, and further strengthen the monitoring and management of terrorist activities of the Uyshur ethnic group in Xinjiang.

reason.

The second is technical services. Based on A-level assessment support, personnel training, specific target information acquisition, etc.
Provide comprehensive technical services. Under this cooperation
Level proficiency verification assessment, for Bazhou Public Security Bureau
Question practice, and assault technology improvement training program
The situation is true

assessment pass rate; for

Four





Defeat the police











State Public Security Bureau for customization
burden

Talented

cyber attack
Responsibility, through preliminary theoretical knowledge training, let trainees understand offensive and defensive principles, techniques, and

set up ,





























As the first batch of companies shortlisted by the Ministry of Public Security, our company will target and A



The bureau provides customized support services, including corresponding assessment-related types of tests.



|,, thereby effectively and quickly improving the technical capabilities of Bazhou Public Security Bureau and improving

Based on the business situation and actual training needs, our company will



[Day





Anti-combat training. The training courses are all provided by our company’s professional network attack and defense technology





















Basic operations. After the theoretical knowledge of the training personnel reaches a certain accumulation and understanding, our company will base on its own

Practical training in R&D and design
Actual network offensive and defensive capabilities; ten years

Mannequin, given to the bar|





The State Public Security Bureau conducts practical training operations to improve the training personnel's











|To specific target people











Interest acquisition service, covering personal terminal remote control and targets



















Network Penetration Attack: For









1/



Click on someone

Standard terminal, providing network penetration and remote control services. right



