Combined with the needs of comprehensive laboratory construction,

1.

work such as destroying, cracking down and suppressing.

Protective equipment: with the concept of “prevention” as the









respect





stated that based on the need for active attack in cyberspace,







Build a workflow that covers attack terminals, resource links, monitoring and auditing, and security detection



safety protection body









Reconnaissance equipment: with "deep reconnaissance



As the goal, the network TZ mobile phone is based on the conditions of informationization.













segment intelligence reconnaissance needs, build machine
information network TZ intelligence reconnaissance equipment, in order to realize
Control equipment: with the goal of "long-term control and defense", based on special reconnaissance





















Communicates network and user basic information to the Internet, WiFi hotspots,





Precision operations in cyberspace provide all types of intelligence.







Point people, key objects,











Need network node

Same network environment, different applications

The secret control and development of







Respond to different networks

times



, different terminal firmware, different

























Long-term control equipment in various scenarios.















Linkage equipment: with the goal of "integrated linkage", based on active attack, active defense, situational









Coordinated mobilization of various business links such as reporting and reconnaissance, target control and defense, and data concealment and encrypted transmission, forming a









TZ linkage data

P pivot to ensure that TZ operations are carried out simultaneously in cyberspace



























step-by-step and integrated development.

Our company can provide special equipment mainly including:







Attack equipment:





systems, automation









Protective equipment:
Reconnaissance equipment:



Network attack and defense



Training platform, network attack and defense practice 3





Taiwan, WiFi proximity attack system







Penetration testing platform, divine operator password cracking platform.















Anonymous anti-tracing wall and scientific Internet equipment.







Reverse analysis tools









Control equipment:



8 secrets





Taiwan and Twitter control evidence collection



Network terminal fingerprint probe system, individual toolbox, R&D test toolbox,





Box, security attack toolbox, remote detection toolbox.

Taiwan, Android remote control

control management system, Windows remote control management system, Makc remote control management system,

Linux remote control management system.

