RN State Program
executive cooperation agreement

The administrative area is a large area, sparsely populated, and rich in resources.









Uyshur ethnic group in Xinjiang, my country





























In the northwest border region, attempts to "separate Xinjiang from the northwest of my country" were born in the 1930s.















































Some terrorist organizations have political agendas. Because our government has always adopted scientific ethnic policies and social governance

















to promote economic and social development in remote areas of Xinjiang, and to severely combat terrorism through the rational use of military power.









Terrorist forces, which gradually began to carry out terrorist activities on the basis of the hopelessness of dividing the country, among which such















The more famous terrorist organization is the "East Turkistan" terrorist organization; while fleeing abroad to avoid attacks,

























It has close ties with religious extremism in Central Asia and the Middle East, sending terrorists back to the country to create terrorism.

























incidents, disturbing public order and attempting to cause social unrest.

























Nowadays, various terrorist organizations widely use modern communication technology to communicate, command and spread; illegal and criminal activities



















The methods and means of activities tend to be more hidden and diversified. Due to the convenience and uncontrollability of overseas communication,





It has become a hotbed for the spread of lawlessness and discipline. In order to strengthen the effective monitoring of these terrorist organizations, and Li
To combat terrorist activities, it is necessary to further strengthen the detection and monitoring of relevant terrorist organizations and lawless elements.







In this context, our company proposed to cooperate with the Bazhou Public Security Bureau to achieve military-civilian jointness, domestic and overseas cooperation and other attack methods.









To achieve in-depth counter-terrorism in Xinjiang, and gradually build a comprehensive network-side defense force in the northwest region.
The first is anti-terrorism data support. Based on our APT work for more than ten years, we have controlled many
types of server permissions and intranet permissions. (The specific data are in the following categories: anti-social, political and economic, travel

































categories, military-related categories, and communications categories. The anti-terrorism data includes the postal service data of the Anti-Terrorism Center of Pakistan’s Punjab Province,
Pakistan Government Post Service, Pakistan Punjab Police Post Service, Pakistan Luz Police Post Service,

