> Tools can be classified













There are many types of network special investigation tools, which can easily lead to a mismatch between functions and needs. Therefore, it is necessary to conduct unified management of various network special investigation tools.



































Organize and annotate the functions of all tools to facilitate the standardized use of various network special investigation tools and make full use of their functional characteristics.



































Based on different special investigation business scenarios, the stability and ease of use of the tool are further improved to ensure the stable and effective conduct of special investigation business.
> Conducive to concealment and camouflage





































The network special investigation business is sensitive and must be carried out in a concealed environment to avoid alerting the target and causing the special investigation

















The mission failed, and the daily usage rate of laptops is high, so high-performance laptops can be used to reproduce special investigation tools.

on two,







































The lamp is convenient for concealing 9 to perform special reconnaissance operations. On the other hand, it can improve the portability of the "individual soldier toolbox" and facilitate special reconnaissance operations in a variety of environments.













unfold below.

3 Product Introduction

3.1 Product introduction
"Individual Toolbox" is a cluster management platform of tools for penetration testing of various network sites. It has a large number of built-in network special reconnaissance tools.









Book

































The tool can be used as a means of special investigation to conduct LD discovery, LD utilization and remote control management of targets, thereby obtaining data intelligence resources.

























The platform clusters various network special investigation tools through high-performance notebooks





relative
peak



Users only need to open the "Individual Soldier Toolbox" and connect to the Internet













network, you can carry out special reconnaissance work on the target.

3.2 "Product composition
"Individual Soldier Toolbox" is a professional network special investigation tool set. The system is equipped with high-performance notebooks to provide users with

































Good software operating environment and penetration environment.







The product composition list of the "Individual Soldier Toolbox" is mainly as follows:





1 'Sound Soldier Toolbox": 1 unit



















2. Platform User Manual: 1 copy
3.3 "System architecture
"'Yinbing Toolbox" is mainly composed of the basic support layer, the middle layer and the application layer. The basic support layer is the underlying architecture of the system, providing

2 /117























































