1 Introduction

There are many ways to penetrate the network, depending on the needs and usage





















network penetration worker















tools, these tools are classified into many categories, targeting the same







Depending on the environment, there are many ways to achieve it.









At the same time these

























The compatibility of tools leads to their use in different applications







Environment















Used together, it can be more reflected











































Small tool, big effect. Efficient, fast and stable, and the current special investigation
Laboratory tools are currently difficult to find.



































Using unfamiliar network agents









































Sufficient for the present



















































































application environment, and lack of standardized
It is conducive to improving the efficiency and stability of special investigation work. Reasonable, that’s right
Problems that need to be solved before Asia.
2 “Needs Analysis

There are many types and quantities of network special investigation tools, and their functions are managed and standardized.
The use of network special investigation tools has caused users to be confused between various types of network special investigation tools.

















Maximize effectiveness when carrying out special investigation work. on the one hand,



































3 It performs disguise and















































On the other hand, because the special detective













































Depending on the frequency of use, for normal







> Enables quick navigation





SN















































The higher the proficiency in using the tools, the better











This requires root



Guizhen business can be carried out smoothly with quality and quantity guaranteed.

























The "Individual Soldier Toolbox" needs to have a quick search function

Yes, you can quickly find suitable positions















Such tools conform to usage habits and need to be used according to the





























task, and quickly launched a special investigation.



, at the same time, in order to make each



[Tools are sorted into TOP10 to speed up business development

1717

