





Family house area, family house area code





street name forward, street name backward, chen
Number of rooms, housing type code, secondary name

Secondary number, home property type code, home























Call from a certain direction | Name, date of birth, time, ID number 2020/3/1 to
3                                           23, 000, 000
Subdata c ” | code, passport number, entry and exit records 2021/10/25
4. Business documents
4.1. Project service plan
In order to protect your legitimate rights and interests and avoid worries, our company has made an enforcement decision to the user unit.

















The ability to follow the standard warranty service terms and purchase the product at the user's unit
About after-sales service.

4. 1. 1. Technical support principles







and provide relevant services in accordance with the contract

1) In order to ensure the after-sales quality of this project, our company will send professional after-sales engineers to carry out this project.







Localized services provide users with stable after-sales guarantee.



















2) When a user encounters a malfunction during normal use, please call our national unified service hotline to report











If you need to repair it, we will provide unlimited telephone technical support services.

















3) Provide 7*24 hours hotline technical support; during critical periods, follow









Current issues need to be resolved within 1 hour.
4.1. 2. Service goals

If the user requires manual guarding, the



In the construction of this project, we will strictly adhere to quality-oriented, customer first, excellence and dedicated service.

After-sales service policy, the overall satisfaction of project after-sales service is greater than 95%
After-sales service commitment to provide user units with satisfactory and efficient after-sales service.
Throughout the project phase, the after-sales service engineer conducts project surveys



















To serve project goals, based on sales

Table, after-sales service quality, faults

Track and evaluate response time, etc., and generate and save relevant after-sales service record forms.





