4. 1. 3. Service content

From the date of acceptance, it will be provided for 1 student



1D) Free upgrade and update services are provided for software related to the entire project.
2) Free maintenance services are provided for the hardware related to the entire project.

3) Provide 7*24 hours online service, and the failure response time is no more than 0. 5 hours.
Provide solutions within time. If the fault needs to be solved on site, a professional engineer will be dispatched within 12 hours.

on-site and troubleshoot. Technical support services are provided in no less than the following 5 ways: telephone, email,



Remote video, on-site service.









After the project is completed,



Provide complete technical information to the customer, including equipment random information, application

















Programs and media,







During the construction of this project, if you encounter 5
, our company will dispatch a professional after-sales engineer within 8 hours.













household manual,
4.1.4. Emergency response plan

Administrator manual, installation guide, etc.











Free after-sales maintenance services, including;

And in 1 hour

Arrival in Yenei
fax,











Account documentation.



Software source









caused by









4.1. 5. Major failure emergency plan



During the construction of this project, if
Shi Nei Pai Yi’s professional after-sales engineering







, our company will be in 4 hours

















The products and services purchased by the household unit cannot be used normally.
customer to resolve the fault.







hard





Caused by Wangda failure















Product spare parts are provided free of charge to











,ensure



Toma



The teacher is
bit,















Business is carried out normally.







4 and 2. Project Service Commitment
In order to ensure the success of this project
FE, under warranty

1) The project warranty period is three months







E is always running,



and upgrades, and equipped with sufficient spare parts,











Our company solemnly makes the following
Within our company
for timely maintenance. Equipment warranty



promise;



The products and services purchased by the household unit cannot be used normally.
Customers can solve the problem and provide purchased products at the same time.



Free maintenance on all software and hardware











defects in quality or construction quality.

2) During the equipment installation, our company 1
Provide technical training and be able to promptly go to the installation site to handle abnormal equipment problems.
If it fails, our company provides free replacement service.



any deficiencies or malfunctions
dispatched professional and technical personnel,





Our company is responsible.









,right





Goods
on products









household







for
. Warranty

paralyzed









3) If any malfunction or problem occurs, our company will provide



For faults or problems that are solved remotely, our company will send a specialist

If the fault cannot be rectified within 24 hours, our company will provide it free of charge





Technical staff available 24 hours













Same grade

Xing





Yes, if





Provide technical advice and
If something goes wrong with the equipment
Ye provides 24/7 free technical support services.

The technical response time is no more than 1 hour



Unable to appear



For use by purchasers

Rush to the scene if









. If encountered





