











record



















1. Qualification documents.1 3
1. 1. Copy of business license or registration certificate of private non-enterprise unit (copy with official seal of the unit) ....... 3
1. 2. Authorization letter of legal representative and ID card of the authorized representative (copy with official seal of the unit), .………………. 3
1. 3. Proof that the supplier pays social security in accordance with the law (any one of the six months before the deadline for submitting quotation documents)
Monthly social security payment certificate) 3
1. 4. The supplier’s tax payment certificate in accordance with the law (any month out of the six months before the deadline for submitting quotation documents)
Tax payment certificate (certificate of tax payment according to law) 3
1.5. From January 1, 2019 to present, the supplier has relevant proof that it has no major illegal records in its business activities. . 3
1. 6. The supplier provides the financial status report for 2019 or 2020 (copy with official seal of the unit),... 3
1.7. If the price of products of small and micro enterprises needs to be deducted, they must provide: Four "Declaration Letters from Small and Medium Enterprises" Practitioners
Statement Letter", @Copies of the balance sheet and profit and loss statement of the previous year, @@Chinese version issued by the competent authority of the place where the enterprise is registered
Certification materials for small businesses. If the bidder is a prison enterprise, he must provide the Prison Administration Bureau and the Drug Rehabilitation Administration Bureau at or above the provincial level.
A copy of the document proving that it belongs to the prison enterprise issued by Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps,. 4
1.8, Supplier confidentiality commitment letter. 4
1. 9. Other relevant supporting documents that the supplier deems necessary to submit. .pp 4
2. Quotation form. 5
2.1, Quotation Letter. 5
2.2, Quotation List. 6
2.3, itemized quotation details. 6
3. Technical documents 10
4. Business documents 13

