1 Introduction







The Internet has become another important media after newspapers, radio, and television, and has become one of the main carriers of reflecting social public opinion.

























The unique interactivity in communication is something that these media did not have before, such as freedom of speech, exchange of opinions, etc.



It is even more incomparable.



































This kind of data shows that the number of netizens in our country is increasing. At the same time, it is precisely because of the active participation of netizens that the results of many events have occurred.





















The situation is changing, so the public security organs’ ability to guide and control the situation is crucial to maintaining social stability. Therefore, it is necessary to









and analyze the situation to control and guide. In this trend, for the government and public security agencies









Actively manage public opinions in a timely manner, follow up on public opinions, and guide a healthy and positive public opinion environment.





Guidance methods and countermeasures, and establishing and improving a long-term mechanism for public opinion guidance and control are essential for building a harmonious network.





Social stability has important theoretical and practical significance.









Ju Dai Information Technology Network



If you come to read it, it is necessary to conduct the main



Explore reasonable public opinion control,
network environment, so that maintenance







As a kind of soft power, network and intelligence control are playing an increasingly important role. And strengthen the health |



The alert page and countermeasures are to promote





To regulate public opinion, it is necessary to effectively regulate the content of social public opinion, grasp the direction of public opinion, and guide the power of public opinion. It is also important for realizing the relationship between party and government organs and the public





















It plays an immeasurable role in promoting two-way communication among the public and promoting social harmony. Internet sentiment is social sentiment.











Reflection, to grasp the situation on the Internet, just

It is necessary to realize that network and intelligence early warning and countermeasures are a systematic project, requiring the participation of statistics, United Front, civil affairs, public security and other departments, but as





The public security organs, the defenders of social stability, have a particularly special role in the entire social security prevention mechanism in providing early warning and countermeasures against online public opinion.



responsibilities.



Currently, Twitter has become a distribution center for netizens to exchange opinions and a platform for Internet public opinion governance.

Click on the object of interest, need to vote















We have invested a huge amount of material, human and financial resources to carry out all-round supervision and supervision, and eliminate various online illegal activities such as online rumors and online crimes.









To combat and stop. A "zero tolerance" attitude must be adopted against Internet rumors and Internet lawbreakers





















Fight resolutely and don’t spread rumors online

We provide soil and space for the spread of rumors, and jointly create a fresh online world where rumors are not spread, believed, or spread.





2 "Needs Analysis





In order to strengthen the initiative to control overseas social media and effectively target overseas social media in daily network special investigation work,





























Carry out network public opinion monitoring work on the Twitter platform. Build a public opinion guidance and control system for Twitter to meet the current needs







The needs of network special investigation work,



1714

