At the same time, we will improve our ability to deal with emergencies and countermeasures against Twitter, and improve our comprehensive management methods for overseas Twitter.





(1) "Improving the ability to deal with Twitter and situation conflicts"















In order to be able to instantly detect bad situations, illegal propaganda, reactionary public opinions, etc. in network special investigation work, we established a network based on Twitter









Key personnel control the evidence collection platform to instantly grasp target information and dynamics, achieve rapid response and immediate processing, and reduce the harm of public opinion.



















to the lowest. Improve the public opinion management methods for overseas Twitter platforms and effectively improve the ability to deal with situations and emergencies.





(2) “Strengthening countermeasures against Twitter’s propaganda













In order to meet the requirements for evidence collection and countermeasures against overseas Twitter and situations in daily special investigation work, we use Twitter and situations based on





















The construction of the guidance and control system is conducive to the comprehensive management and control of Twitter targets and the comprehensive evidence collection and control of target Twitter.























system. It is conducive to taking the initiative to counterattack, thereby achieving an all-round improvement in countermeasures against overseas Twitter.

3 Product Introduction

3.1 Product introduction
The Twitter and Sentiment Guidance and Control System is a product that integrates countermeasures and sentiment monitoring for Twitter accounts on overseas social platforms.





















It uses exclusive non-sensory forensic technology and big data smart bug technology to realize situational monitoring and countermeasures of Twitter accounts.

3.2 "Product composition
The Twitter and Qingye control systems are pure software systems and adopt B/S architecture. Users only need to log in to the platform through authorized accounts and passwords.





































The station can be used normally. The product composition list is as follows:









1. Platform client software: 1 set

Taiwan authorized login account: 1 set

2.









3. Platform user manual: 1 copy

















2 17114

