

ws              Ju           am            xs           AR





and

Yes, yes
T two pm
In
1

(running inquiry)

4.5 ”Business List
The platform provides a comprehensive business list management function, which allows you to quickly view the status of all registered businesses and supports root



Edit and delete businesses as needed.

to 4Q
mark. Also style of training meets Pa area 6 and class collapse. . Wuji Xinrang ER 4
aa 6a ooo6 20191120 165244. miwa ones | om country times tomoe
2 15 7 00067 20191112105086. Hehe we om | am country country seedlings
(Business List)

























The business operation column corresponding to the business list provides viewing of the target information involved in the case, viewing the business information of the target involved in the case, and viewing the flow of the target involved in the case.











And business deletion function.





























View target information involved in the case: Users can check the basic information and bank card number of the target person involved in the case through the target information viewing function.











Information, phone information, and online and offline distribution information.

















View the business information of the target involved in the case: Users can check the target case number and the total value of the case involved by viewing the business information of the target involved in the case.







































Actual business needs, target flow information

good













Check the running water of the target involved in the case: The user can check the running water of the target involved in the case. can be based on





Perform filtering queries, view transaction details, and fund tracking functions.





























Delete business: Through the delete business function, users can delete some business targets that have lost their ZC significance and have been registered.
10 /11













