









Information, identity information includes account name, attributes, password, name, screen name, mobile phone number, mobile phone address, email address,















































Login IP, log in

Record various information such as location, address, superior agent, etc. Obtain the target QB data by checking the identity information of the target gambling personnel,



















































































Thereby improving the user's ability to attack target gambling personnel.

Complete) . ” Gambling business analysis and management

By querying the information of target gambling-related personnel, key targets can be determined and business ZC can be carried out against gambling-related targets. master the goal
Subordinate relationship network map, downline registration time distribution trend, bank card case value proportion, downline user regional distribution, downline user case value





























proportion and other types of information, and supports the editing and deletion functions of business to supplement and improve the target account information, thereby greatly









To a greater extent, users’ ability to analyze and manage gambling-related target businesses is enhanced.

(three)

based on















Gambling target flow analysis























































By querying the basic information of gambling personnel, you can obtain the target bank card information. Through the target bank card number, you can retrieve the target bank card number.













Bank flow information, and import the target bank flow information into the "Jiaozuo Anti-Gambling Platform" for comprehensive analysis, and view the target bank flow information according to conditions

























Water direction, amount, time and object information to analyze target gambling crime QB and strike value.

3 Product Introduction

3.1 Product introduction
"Xima Anti-Gambling Platform" is professionally designed for special business departments with the goal of combating online gambling crimes. Provide network























Based on the data information provided, special business departments can conduct mining, analysis, and judgment based on data characteristics and detailed information.





















Online gambling data
Quick lock

Suspect the target and conduct business ZC analysis on it to master the basic information of the target person, bank card information, superior-subordinate relationship, etc.

















According to the data, and supported by the platform's online gambling data, we will carry out in-depth online gambling crime ZC tasks to achieve online monitoring.
The overall strike and precise political elimination.
3.2 "Product composition

1.

2.





The "Medullary Anti-Gambling Platform" is mainly delivered in the form of software. The main components of its products include:





Platform login client software: 1 set



Platform login client authorization account: 1

online gambling organization

27111

