1 ago

Got it





































In recent years, online gambling-related crimes have become a problem derived from the information age. Their activities have become increasingly complex, their methods have been constantly renovated, and their participants have become increasingly sophisticated.
The number continues to increase, which has a serious impact on the social and economic order and causes huge losses to the people's property. Nationally, online gambling has become a

This new type of property infringement crime is characterized by its speed, concealment, and high-level pursuit.







































F is fast and the amount of winning or losing is large. Like telecommunications fraud and other crimes, it has become a crime of public security organs to prevent.









The focus of Fan's attack. According to statistics, the number of people involved in online gambling increases every year, and there is a trend of younger people involved in gambling.







The rise and spread of online gambling crimes have attracted worldwide attention |















focus issues, causing great social conflicts and hidden dangers. This kind of













new crime

















It has brought new challenges to our country's judicial and administrative management. Compared with traditional gambling, online gambling does not have bundled











Cash, but the speed of "eating people" has not slowed down at all.

Forums, software download websites, film and television sharing



It is understood that there are various websites that provide user resources for online gambling, and some literature







Zhandu and Shecai.com









The sites collude with each other to attract gamblers. Online gambling sites often



Set up servers in areas more open to gambling such as the Philippines, the United States, and Europe to evade capture. Compared with offline gambling, online gambling

Gambling is more concealed and the operation is more



Use chips to place bets
With capital exceeding 600 billion yuan, overseas gambling websites

To sum up, cracking down on and punishing various types of Internet
and the behind-the-scenes “protective umbrella”
The "chain of interests" is conducive to effectively maintaining a good social security environment and national













2 "Needs Analysis

The "Guoma Anti-Gambling Platform" is based on the needs of gambling business rectification and crackdown. According to the development of online gambling crime phenomenon, it organizes and analyzes

, resolutely cut off cross-border cross-border

Convenient, some online gambling can even be legally packaged. At the same time, players trade

The Internet is like a "water pump", draining billions of dollars of funds from the mainland every year.





















pain







When there is a lack of psychological pressure, it is easier to achieve treatment. Statistics show that every year, gambling in China flows overseas due to gambling.

































Online gambling is illegal and criminal, and focuses on cracking down on organizers, operators, and profit-seekers of criminal activities.



The “human chain”, “financial chain”, “technical chain” and

Home economic security.







Analyze and collect data from major gambling websites to achieve comprehensive information inquiry and research and analysis of gambling-related businesses, and improve gambling business goals

processing capabilities to achieve effective control and crackdown on gambling crimes.

(one)

Information inquiry on target gambling personnel

















The "Guozhao Anti-Gambling Platform" is built based on the backend data of domestic and foreign gambling websites, and can search for the identity of target gambling personnel according to needs.









1711

