1 Introduction

























Email is a communication method that provides information exchange by electronic means. It is an Internet application







































The widest range of services. via network

Email system, users can use it at a very low price (no matter where they are sent, they only need to pay the network fee) and very quickly.









(can be sent to any designated destination in the world within a few minutes), with any









Contact Internet users from every corner.



















With the rapid development of Internet technology, people send emails through the Internet, making communication easier and faster.

















Various offenses



civil





Emails are involved in the dispute.

Email has also become one of the indispensable and important communication methods in modern society with its new, fast and economical characteristics. at the same time,























































Elements have also begun to widely use emails to engage in various illegal and criminal activities. They have been used in many computer crime cases as well as commercial and criminal activities.











E-mail contains a wealth of useful information, which is one of the important contents for computer analysis and evidence collection. It can provide valuable information for case investigation.

Provides powerful clues. In order to improve efficiency, people often use various email clients such as Foxmail, Outlook

Express

Data files are also one of the important means of computer analysis and evidence collection. Massive email data obtained from

















, Microsoft Office Outlook, etc.) to process emails. Therefore, analyzing various













8 Number of emails saved by the client

Extract incoming and outgoing emails of interest

Information such as the person's email address, sender's and receiver's name, sending time, subject, email body content and attachments are collected and collected statistically.

Sender by









Separate addresses, and use visualization, interpersonal network analysis and other technologies to draw the time relationship diagram of emails and interpersonal network relationships.









It provides a good reference basis for analyzing and discovering the hidden relationship between the recipient and the sender.

2 "Needs Analysis

The construction of an "email analysis intelligence decision-making system" based on massive email data should be able to fully satisfy all aspects of email data.











,from

Four













Intelligent analysis, mining email person personal information, email person relationship network, email

Systematic search



It is designed to import, analyze and judge massive email data.

(1) "Email data retrieval function



Attribute 1P,









pg file attachment extraction, etc. through this

1715

